it seems only fair that i be represented, as well.
stop! grunts stop! just stop hurting him!
hello? hey, kate. claire?
i havent had a lot of vacation time the last three years.
then why did you quit?
what will you say when he sees you killed the article?
so how about this
you think thats our ride?
you stay up here on the ridge, and if anything goes wrong, you give the signal.
hey, sasha, say something presidential.
what kind of stuff could get in the way of us?
ls it rajan group of companies?
but apparently it was your studentteacher relations.
my gossamer dreams are cast in glass
no, this is different.
im curious if that isnt because of my father, the governor.
ive never seen you before.
and amanda rothman? have you tracked her down yet?
i believe not, sir.
oh, no, sir. you dont need to worry.
you be sure and thank maisie for this fine pie.
you wanna come?
wait a second, wait a second.
keep your foot on the gas!
i grew up here, on the island. mm, there was this thing...
ya lo hixo otra vex!
kate. shes new over at the motor pool.
she is not bad like you think...
the medicines reacted badly...
so, i have one question for you.
i said when boss comes, say cut!
now, will you help me?
isnt it you who spoke now?
brother, a soda please.
i am so sorry, vishal. i cant do all this. i am so sorry.
because she knows im a fraud.
this isnt the last time.
i do have a beautiful voice.
just the last thing i ever thought id be good at is being a mum.
where have you been? are you okay?
where did he go? huh?
i think i know aslan when i see him.
get your hands behind your back.
how about if i move my stuff down here, set up right next to your tent?
one more thing.
we were discussing about you only.
then i assume this is the time to ask you, why?
but lets get on with it.
on the way i came to know he wasnt taking me to register the property, but for marriage registration.
im not sure if it will even work.
what the hell are you doing?
im really sorry about last night.
its been about 15 minutes since weve seen any sign.
i figured i could help.
i own a sneaker factory in canada? well, not anymore.
well, long as somebody pays for it, guess theres no harm done.
happy birthday to me.
take a look at the xrays.
look at him!
so where we going?
its where they were going to keep him.
hey, you guys open?
im gonna yank nell away from the jewelry exhibit so we can eat.
look, all im saying is if were stuck here, then just survivings not gonna cut it.
these people are not gonna be happy to see us.
general, this is wheeler team leader, dr. john nash.
and even less noble than william
run sequence initiating 30 seconds
looks like the embassy is about a mile away.
look, you can adjust to these abilities. youve gotta give yourself some time.
thats some serious road rage.
its a safe house.
i know i shouldnt be here...
but what if youre not?
neilson, symbol cryptography.
i need a volunteer.
you mean daniel faraday. youre not the first one to poke around here, asking about him and his work.
know a con named sucre?
pleased to meet you.
how much stuff do you have left?
i like walking.
got something for ankush and aleya too...
youre a hell of a strategist, fish.
his people. the others.
dont try and lay it off on somebody else now. you set me up!
call you a 23?
beauty, isnt he?
where he slowly let me drown
whats that coming?
youre being transferred.
look, seriously, youre about to be detonated!
shopping, sightseeing. and a surprise.
hugo, i know youre in trouble.
if you werent here, jack...
how much?  200,000.
i didnt know there was another way till i found alice.
now, were gonna be doing this in an orderly fashion.
maybelle, give the holler!
lost is such a harsh word.
do you think thats funny?
talk him into thinking theyre not coming here to rescue us.
its not far from here.
our henry problem.
can you say peacock?
you didnt just give a lecture..
untie me right now.
os12 is the most secure operating system ever released.
check that out.
let me explain.
i didnt finish until 2 a. m.
and if youre not back on the island when that happens, the wrong side is going to win.
you did what...?
you know, hes from texas.
really, im ok.
he killed them all?
then i choose to leave, sir.
i wouldnt know what thats like.
..she is a very sweet child.
if youre my friend, youd find vincent.
i tried but my bad luck.
may i?  sure.
muster 50 of the reserves and hold them at the gate.
our family shattered to pieces... wrong.
you wont regret this.
its the only place on the island with any form of security right now.
you wanna talk about it?
i couldnt find it.
forget your yesterday.
they say youre expected to make a full recovery.
have you two been getting along?
yes, i did.
okay, this is really awkward.
then we can head back to the beach.
alpert?  no. hes not gone.
im sure hurleyll wanna say something about libby.
all weve got to do is widen it, and weve got ourselves an onramp to route 66.
only way to stop count is a lockdown.
i dont remember seeing you on the plane, ana lucia.
show me how to con people, sawyer.
this is not your business.
all right. im gonna handle it.
..with someone called kishore samtani.
i will at least whistle once.
i would have preferred you to have let me open the door first.
they didnt have say anything in baghdad?
yeah, after a year of physical therapy.
didnt you hear me shout out, meet at the creek?
it means, if id have known how this was gonna turn out,
this is at least a days walk.
you are not going to meet god anyway...
i dont want you to get hurt.
she said she had a brother in central city.
i was wondering...
what do i do?
and im gonna do everything in my power to help you do that.
dont i know the man i killed?
here in stanton, the evacuation procedures continue for the entire town.
you got a problem?
oh, so youre not going?
you must have talked about something.
i cant let you do this.
youre training for what?
get out of there!
i think we can work something out.
thats cardinal sin number one.
wren, i need your help.
youre gonna hurt it!
where are you, 41?
he said that u.s.g.s. recorded heavy seismic activity below the lake.
you mean afternoon food.
they have satellites, the black box.
it tells me that im the best that you can afford.
sometimes i see through things. other times, its like an xray.
do you see what theyre doing there?
out there beyond that fence, every living thing that crawls, flies or squats in the mud wants to kill you and eat your eyes for juju beads
the fair at chandni chowk which else?
the only one in the family who didnt fear beera one bit
who is seenu here?
of course, everything a 15yearold boy tells his mother is fine.
at least one other prisoner and some freak hillbilly local.
yeah, but not tigers...
you are to be aware that this witness did not meet the defendant until after the alleged crimes she is being charged with.
even if its not, tell me.
hes asking for you.
there, see, he moved.
i know, hurley.
manager has kept them with him so that nobody takes them.
yeah, happy birthday to me.
you want to waste time assigning blame?
believe you me.
im sure hell go to baba.
ill make her lift.
i took some time to speak to your mother before you came in.
i decided not to go after her.
so what are we?
except here theyre all true.
youre not gonna fight?
im not talking about that.
thats not good enough.
we cannot go there.
you know, man, if we ever make it home,
its not him you should be worrying about.
listening to dobbs is goanna get us killed,
why would these people want to murder her?
the president remains at the white house.
theres all these surveys about yourself before you can go on to the rest...
i cant tell if youre right.
kitt, whats the matter with michael?
what had we gone to do there?
i fixed your gun.
come away o human child to the waters and the wild
if they get to it, its over.
what the hells the problem down here?
yeah, shes here on business.
now its time for you to do yours.
they havent done that since the meteor shower.
whatever you call it shrine.
okay, well, tell me something.
rs.15 lakhs i had invested on chandrakala, and rs.4 lakhs due from you, i must get rs.19 lakhs to let you unite.
of course i doubt theyll toss up any roadblocks for that.
where are you going?
he doesnt know anything.
we cant afford any distractions!
what  what is that?
i heard him.
where am i?
we dont know what the hell were looking for.
just like we did the night she went missing.
what do you think happened, son?
this guy standing next to you with a fish?
what are you getting at, sid?
served nine years for manslaughter.
one of them took my license.
so youre saying theres a town, a real town, not a metaphor town.
they never do.
i told him he could bring me a coffee at the torch.
could you shoot me over the propeller?
youre always trying to do.
pump action 12gauge and.40 caliber glocks.
three days ago, when i was in lockes camp,
we been here all morning. take it easy.
peters the high king.
this is the worst experience we have ever had.
youre getting good old ravioli and tomato sauce.
hey, its me.
please take me home, vishal!
its time for you to leave, sir.
its getting worse, isnt it?
come round the back.
what will happen to him?
it will be sameer khan, from the epiglottis.
10 million feels good, doesnt it, babe?
the tape, its gone.
so... are you okay?
put your gun in your pants.
pull yourself together, woman.
ips means police officer, right?
..will win the princesss hand in marriage.
so what do we do?
youre gonna be fine.
so that you feel guilty, that you couldnt protect her!
get away from her, sean.
the reason for me being so different..
you know, went all howard hughes.
yeah, right here.
thats how well make money.
if the that transmission have truly been playing on a loop for 16 years, then there must be a power source on the island.
watch your back.
is anyone hit?
you are not so bad.
he is here?
i know you think youre helping if it wasnt for you, jin would still be alive.
but dont tel my secret to anyone yaar..please!
some people thought he was the lost son of the grand duke.
can i help you open it?
trails been cold, dangerous terrain ahead.
been going on for a long time.
you killed him?
what the fuck?
i dont like winning without any competition.
why cant i just bring him to a funeral home and make all the arrangements?
you could take her there.
lana, this is crazy.
teddy! come here!
oh god, pasta, and i slapped that man.
youre moving to the caves.
up, up! go!
oh, baby, yeah!
now im going to play on yours.
well... im glad that youre here, man.
not so fast, my man.
what do you say aunt?
do it again. john
i hate my life!
family doesnt stay at a hotel.
you know it, i know it.
you know how young people are.
try and reach that town.
they said a spaceship is headed this way.
lose scofields paperwork.
if this were to be true, surely we should act.
crossing the pacific isnt easy.
25, chalk four is closest to the crash site. over.
by the way, isnt this case getting too complicated?
she must have removed the cabs tracker.
..and i dont think mama jenny can swim.
and i could only make out one word.
oh mr reznik, i only wish all my tenants are considerate as you.
this is genius.
how should i know?
he keeps wishing for true love.
how did you do that?
if i were you, id grow eyes in the back of my head.
i think its the excitement only a free man can feel.
we could not have known that our fighters would have been that ineffective!
pardon, but may i ask you...
wanna tell me where were going, sayid?
oh. things are not any better with your family?
i dont, i dont know.
those kids, your grandchildren theyre waiting for their father to come back home.
when i was in the army i did six months explosive ordnance disposal.
all right, lets go.
it would mean the end of them both.
she corroborated your story.
but he didnt want her to know.
this tiny little...
it was certainly my good fortune, running into you!
let me inform my father, brother.
youre still bumming...
aare, dont take tension..have this biscuit handmade biscuit from sanfrancisco idiot,.
im kind of busy.
why would i want anyone to watch me die?
is this your destiny?
ive had 89 birthday parties, i dont need another one.
and maybe i was just... gettin in the way?
fulfil your naughty wishes, i wont stop you.
i dont want to be a spoilsport.
yes, ive been coordinating with psp.
dont pretend to be.
my characters undefined?
tell him to hit me with his best shot.
either you got heat or you dont.
give me the key, please, emily.
is that is for you?
i see that you have a mrs.gudat out there.
i dont think i should tell you.
please, no more.
did you ever notice how fred would run by the same thing over and over again?
lafleurs not gonna find out.
chloe called me too. she said she had some info on harry.
is still my birthday.
how can you judge on seeing?
were not going to guam, are we?
come on, your dads about to start.
whats in the heart only the heart knows
you got marilyn back. sure did.
im grateful to you.
he never wanted me to have to deliver it.
my brothers and i would be delighted to come with you..
oh, yeah, im ready.
you know how it is.
that money was for tom, for his care, so that i could know that he was all right.
im not hitting that.
well, its not just that i saw a ship crash.
there is a very spiritual place. the city was built around this place.
ill still be here when you wake up.
olivia dunham has been recovered.
she was very strange.
these cells run top down. its all needtoknow. the recruits handed a bomb and a target at the last possible moment.
i just need to remember the order.
now, i could help it.
hes moving supplies and says its in the way.
rosen schizophrenia is degenerative. some days may be symptomfree, but over time, you are getting worse.
is not a prime?  seventeen.
sheriff said you grew up around here.
you know? come on.
the rest of it is just beyond me.
my name is desmond.
dont make it personal.
bholenath is angry.
this is going to be classic.
dont be shy.
you told me to keep quiet.
are you still pushing it?
you were supposed to arrive on the 1 7th, isnt it?
she wants clark to go to the police and say he saw kyle...
i spent that time getting myself in a position to save your ass.
i couldnt find any other way, and libby was a mistake.
oh, my god.
youve always helped me.
do you have a pistol?
thats the story he killed them and took away the cash.
it barely bumped. jesus christ.
she understands that gratitude is the right attitude.
papers are being drawn up today.
maybe this one.
we were having a good time.
where did you find him?
you mean that roadside attraction we live in?
peter. you may want to see this.
and start looking for where it was going to be.
i run it.
you cant imagine.
i gave her this book earlier.
look, this works.
i wouldnt even know where to start.
but theres no way their bodies can handle that kind of stress for long.
i dont want you sleeping anywhere near us.
security has their people searching the entire hospital and no one has seen anyone matching that description.
you, michael arthur long.
perhaps some things are best left untranslated.
they sense the foreign nature of the dreamer.
and im guessing from this mans radiation burns that the housing has been compromised.
sir, he has come to attend an interview.
i believe it was switzerland, herr kommandant.
ive been holding it for long, if you permit me, ill go to loo.
i have promised maya that...
to get married, have a good husband..
hey, do you think hes looking for us?
hes better than i thought.
why is she dressed like this?
no, its gone.
i got no idea!
just... thank you. oh, my god. i have 37 messages.
but i think if we stay up here we should be okay.
charles well, its official.
this time, weve thought that..
i dont know what it is about you, clark, but i havent felt this good in two days.
all of you return to your rooms.
can i tell on phone or personally?
dont make me lie to you.
thats why we made it this wide.
whod you think the school board was gonna believe some cheating little brat whos just trying to cover his own ass or the man whos been leading this school to victory for 25 years?
my heart starts skipping a beat when i see him
mum, whats going on there?
maybe a drug dealer.
we havent had a single conversation about anything except your father.
and what is he doing with my fucking house and my fucking kids, grace?
did either of you see a guy run through here?
taunting me with that rat.
free skate, this side!
because there are none.
like right now jack here would say, tell my sister i love her.
why you say that?
drop the fucking gun.
we need a break.
so, mr. luthor any more secret construction projects at luthorcorp like level 3?
thats whats left of your college education!
yeah. it doesnt work like that.
youd call him a rat, right?
i told her youd see it coming a mile away.
ill be back in a second.
you know what that means?
tell me. tell me why this is not happening,
clark, thanks for stopping by. it means a lot.
this whole situation is real.
what has happened to saraswati here?
we never ever again...
you need to get at least 10 cars into the siding.
if you cant protect your family,
we.. we.. we should call the police!
you see, in silicon valley, they have so much money, they dont use junkers.
the bride has arrived.
guess i still havent met the right gal.
lex already told me, so did chloes dad.
if you think youre moving out of this forest... without going back for the cash, youre fuckin wrong.
you kept toying with my feelings.
i want every man on this cellblock questioned.
off island, did something happen with you two?
who the hell are you man?
maybe you kissed her wrong?
you have a better angle than i anyway.
to steal your hearts, to replace your children.
my father was an italian. his name was spaghetti pasta.
thats when i wake up.
my sons marriage is fixed with machirajus sister.
miles, what are you talking about?
i cant feel a damn thing.
im surprised to see you. usually a hospital visit comes with a get out of jail free card.
what is it with you and my girlfriend, kent?
you are not the first lottery winner to believe the moneys brought nothing but trouble.
cant tell if the antibiotics are working.
i need to breathe!  are you running away?
we were in a plane crash.
with barrys mothers murder.
we can stay here.
so now i try to live each day in their name.
you shouldve ring the bell like this.
ana, what are you gonna do?
give me one good reason.
thats why i can understand what separation means.
john, i did kill alex.
so now that i know that youre real, who are you, and what can i do for you?
but how big do these levels have to be?
his names colson.
all right, you stay there, please.
you got it all fucked up.
i wanna do a big one.
something happened at erics house. the police came, but they couldnt control him.
make you priests?
come on, man, come on!
and you, little whore, go to bed at once, you depraved creature.
its a cramp, walk it off.
i dont have to ask.
no madam, sir asked me to fill the tank.
,and what is infinitely worse, ...my time.
ive gone crazy. but its no use telling all of you.
there are some northern indian teas which are dense enough....
no, dear, we need to go in.
okay, what exactly did wait tell you?
yeah, lets pull over and get shot!
so, all right, how about this?
yes, stay in your room.
im just a bad omen.
why were you at rickmans?
once you left for ann arbor,i figured youd gotten rich,invented the dvd or something.
thats why im here.
i will kill him.
sorry if i ever took a snap at you.
they dont care were lying.
i think im all right.
a sign from the universe that youre meant to be together.
youre the reason im in this mess.
jonathan, clark hasnt been able to do anything normal his whole life.
all i did was offer to keep your hands warm, chloe.
take it.  i dont care.
i cant believe lex would run it into the ground in less than a year.
girls, welcome back to the fortress of vectortude!
i gotta admit, this car is something else.
he says, sorry to inform you, but your brother just died.
jodi, where are you?
why do you wait and mope?
what are you doing?
i felt wonderful.
when she fled, her sister came here.
i had no idea that you too..
no, no, no.
..the great governor general fraser..
can i help in anyway here?
..nor can the law of this country.
why are you here?
fullon sprint to the portal.
who will you call, dear?
you could say that. do the cullens visit often?
sandys brother is hetals father.
all right, lets subpoena work logs, employee records.
and ive to reach on time.
folks! be the first in the valley to have your very own mobile home!
im so sorry dad! ..
look i understand what you did, im grateful
ill give it to you back in an hour.
hey, hobart, are you crazy?
whats your plan?  tell me your plan.
no, i mean more recent history.
now stop, woo now wiggle it
..to assure you that im the guy youre looking for.
he iin a medical situation that is not resolvable.
well, then lets hope he knows what hes doing.
they can take the next plane.
where is he? does he know where we are going?
theyll make you share your room with him.
it appears we missed an entertaining fight.
just wanted to see what kind of tests youre doing on your own every night.
hurley, what the bloody hell is wrong with you?
and yet youre the one who mops up after them.
im glad you finally stepped up.
men whose voices i still hear in the night.
we really did it tonight.
if youre alive, friendship would lose it meaning.
hes heading somewhere else.
i dont know where hes.
i mean, you know, without, like, adult supervision.
hurry up, jenny.
theres classified government information ive been trying to access but someone has been blocking me.
ive a condition if you want me to come to the tour.
how do you know dougy?
i want something better than progress.
how is it awesome?
that was the long and short of it.
you stay at home, ill go.
on tat day..we were sad..
sam used the numbers. yep.
lets play pin the tail on the mammoth!
you hear that?  hear what?
tanya did that?
of course i do...
i dont want to catch a chill.
your photo had better get the world shaking
does this hand hold a pistol too?
theres a chance of having at least 10 boy friends.
we were naked...
let me say it.
i tried to call you and inform but you never picked it up.
i see you.
same as the day before.
i need to chat with you...
he said he was out with some new friends, blowing off steam.
i gotta go.
narsing has fixed his sisters marriage wit duggabars son on 22nd.
whats going on, pal?
theres no time.
people should have freedom of choice.
shannon had a nightmare.
maybe rush a little bit.
are these the little monsters?
didnt cobb say never to do that?
no, shes not in.
dont worry, dad, ill be back by monday evening.
the other ones just trashy.
hes my friend, hell give life for me.
or i can lie and tell him you were already dead.
come on. take this and come on.
thanks for the vote of confidence.
we should stay together.
im a combat pilot, will.
did the red sox really win the series?
you cant worry. artificial intelligence,michael.
you did a wonderful job today, pickle.
there he would teach the world not only that he existed... that he was someone... but that he was exceptional.
i mean, i saw the pit where all the bodies got dumped.
i dont want to leave my mom alone, but...
a following, you know, and...
you bring him to me right now.
aare, i wouldnt have happened yaar..it wouldnt have happened!
get me down, fool!
compose the salad like you were painting a picture.
i can stand!
we were out in the backblocks and charlotte must have slipped and she went into the river and shes not much of a swimmer.
not only will he shut down this wafer company..
why is he brandishing a dagger?
whats he been working on?
tomorrow ill have a restraining order preventing you from moving into smallville until every case against you is settled.
if you hadnt found me, i dont know where id be.
is that a crime?
put down your weapon.
clotaire was right, the agnan technique worked.
an ad film agent is coming here.
just leave her alone.
im inside the trunk!
as you can see from the repairs, weve been trying to put her back together since the 60s.
all these stores are becoming office spaces. this town needs a parking garage.
just leave me alone. both of you.
well, its not the best picture.
im an old friend of juliets.
you saw that and you ran... took the gun.
so... how does it work?
encom ceo and video game icon kevin flynn has disappeared.
i trusted you.
i pay the mortgage on this house!
youre the reason were having conversation.
you know there is no such thing as a
whats ur name?
you left the island regularly.
im glad you like it?
getting late to the auspicious time for film, you come man, they are film personalities, if we go late, theyll finish the program using dupes.
isnt he your secretary?
they pierced my hands with a drill.
today i just desire for you.
lana and i are getting together tonight.
how about the garage?
dont stay up too late.
why? who? what?
we cant let him go. hes seen us.
aint cause youre pretty, or because youre in first place.
sarahs not responding.
are you fine, seenu?
they will be difficult to defeat.
their numbers and positions.
as soon as i get my license, we should just get in a car and drive.
how much did they take?
a bunch of papers, photos, pictures.
but when you first found her, the french chick, you said you saw a wire or something on the beach.
shirt was longsleeved.
he was helping me install new equipment.
all im asking is for you to tell me how to find her. thats it.
didnt you just? werent you?
what have you been eating?
if the antibiotics dont bring the fever down, hell go into shock.
thought itd be nice, you know?
if you want to get yourself killed, you do it alone.
jack told me about your job.
i can take you there.
all i wanted to do is help chloe, and now i feel like ive screwed up everything.
he will pay for what he did.
the tops dont sting you!
what are you telling her?
welcome, sir, welcome.
aarons in danger.
how do you know?
..it aims towards teenagers between the age of 13 and 15.
we need some evidence.
you got some heart, kid, showing up in this neighborhood.
we tracked down this paper he wrote six years ago.
but thats no excuse for making another fatal mistake.
are we gonna get off this rock or just stand around talking about it?
and you know, youll still have your dog.
sorry im late.
ok? so dont lie to me and make out you dont know what im talking about.
anybody who can testify this?
hes too much.
im ranchhodas..he was chhote!
one minute to contamination.
please dont talk to me.
hes right there. hes right there.
so do you use a timer?
then he went to bed and fell asleep.
make him bleed.
youre the last person i expected.
get as far away from these things as you can!
in medicine or economics in technology or space battle lines are being drawn.
thank goodness youre here, sheriff.
how are they biting reynolds?
oh, my god!
the whole thing.
yeah, thats exactly what i mean.
we have a whole day planned for her, and she needs to get ready.
no, shes not.
is he your boyfriend or something?
her love has given me true happiness.
you think too much, clark.
the book different minds says..
i take it youre here cause of the ship.
you cant keep her out, can you?
hey, hey, hey...
well, the question is whether its temporary or permanent.
fifteen kilometres to beacon.
counts in 15 minutes.
i havent seen him since the surgery.
is that a bullet hole in his head?
its a token of my appreciation.  right.
thatll disorient the smaller ships below and that could buy you some time to, uh... to take em... take em out.
now you know what it feels like to be me.
the sewers, explosives.
those were the halcyon days.
chill out, cool guy. i didnt know you were a chubbychaser.
its clark kent, mr. fordman.
dont move, your majesty.
if people find out this is all we have, theyll freak out.
no roman can survive north of the wall alone.
i left the car out in back. take commonwealth, no side streets.
charlie if he can do it...
we made it through the night.
im kind of bad luck.
i think theyre all crazy. or im the crazy one.
rancho....take care of yourself!
doctor, my husband, adam. how is he?
you know, he owns the biggest bungalow in ahmedabad.
no, i cannot marry you.
you can go. no!
that many dreams within dreams is too unstable.
sweetheart, we cant keep him.
yeah, we gotta get the habit of documenting everything.
whats happening? why is he playing dead?
tapes are ready.
wait for us?
jack, hes crazy.
were heading back to the opera house.
there are families in there.
jenny, in english we say drink. drink.
theyre blushing. that means its a yes.
you look fantastic.
now if u have already thought about it partner, then take a uturn!
you didnt even interview.
flight 1019 to miami...
he created you
did you enjoy the show?
we know that, get out.
ive come here to ask you something.
lmagine the situation in reverse.
get me 777s cargo information.
we will simply put down our weapons...
turn yourself in when the police arrive.
aleya please trust me...
looks a strange sort, keeps his head shaven, has a long scar on the head.
but what youre doing up there in the infirmary, what does it got to do with what were doing here?
hey, im just driving in now.
coming through 4000 at 30 per minute.
hey! whats that dadgum indian doing?
she had locked something away, something deep inside her.
come on, its over.
not to be too difficult, but... weve been coming here for two days, just staring at this thing.
do you want me to walk you home?
theyre expected to strike miles from land, far into the pacific ocean.
what the hell you think youre doing?
in case you havent noticed, its dark.
it was sams grief that made you say it.
and then theyd use them to trade for me.
im not the only one on the hook.
we both do the same thing.
i hope the patrols all right.
what am i going to do out here?
i wasnt here then, later i frantically searched for her, but no use, a relative informed about seeing her in hyderabad, i searched there also, but still didnt find her.
you know, like, i wouldnt be warm, and i wouldnt smell the same.
then get out of there.
yes, those of feelings?
ill be back in ten minutes.
please, rizu. two minutes? only two minutes.
how to get back to the island.
oh allah... what are these? legs or...?
lock down the gate!
tbag had his hooks in that kid.
i am omaticaya, i am one of you.
im an ogre and im not gonna apologize for acting like one.
michael, good luck, okay?
you stay here.
apologise. say youve made a mistake
youll have to bear 50 expenses..
why? shes no threat to us. shes insane, charles.
a little to the left.
we should be seeing them any minute now.
now i know that were supposed to be together.
im just a clown with a pretty face that sings them.
thats the deal that i made with mom and dad.
ill decide who hangs the map.
so you dont make a habit of scaring people out of the woods and spooking their horses?
wait a minute. i was not like that when i was his age.
im sure i will.
life too is like that.
immy, youve done the right thing.
look at me. but we can fight this.
we can do this.
im just surprised hes not taking it out of himself by now.
check the paper.
he didnt drink. not even beer.
i dont trust him with you.
what a coincidence!
what did you do?
you get me that pugnac, and maybe ill tell you.
you know, sisterinlaw he starts stammering..
well, these inmates became belligerent and they refused to rack in.
if you could move the island whenever you wanted, why didnt you just do it before the psychos with the guns got here?
you all know that don seenu is here, but this city must know it, right?
now, mr. shephard, i have to inform you that
what is the spirit world, grandma?
i believe your people use it as seasoning when preparing your native dishes.
and youll wish you hadnt changed the rules.
tell your dad to be careful.
why do you find it so easy?
you mayve mistaken in dark.
all i can tell you is the result would be unpredictable.
just like a princess
is that what this is about?
everyone, shift camps behind the hills of madhavgarh.
together. weve still got four guns.
is it chari or the other one?
how the skin gets tough to protect a spot that got hurt?
and it appears that dolan is stalled over there.
just to delay your departure.
ill leave you to it.
the guard outside is phil.
you cant just change your mind.
and she wont be alone.
then its finally over.
all right, keep me posted.
so when the time comes that he does get there, well be waiting for him.
youve been carrying a gun youve told no one about.
if you speak the truth..
i guess this is just miles.
does that strike you as a fantastic coincidence, or is it just me?
look at lincolns angle as he leaves the frame.
how can you say that sir? she has caused such a big loss for us...
hes wearing the green and gray striped shirt.
that must have been a difficult decision. yeah.
because fidget in my sleep?
wonder who lived here.
get back inside!
stop. hes had enough.
i can contain this, sir.
somebody loves his sister so much.
it was fourteen months, actually.
high end. six men plus a cia liaison.
shannon. you dont want to do this.
in the dark territory.
he was the one who wanted to get shot lightyears out in space to find the answers.
i dont know, mr clean.
but that would involve me finding my friends.
nobody has to get hurt here. just put the gun down.
what will happen.... hanh?
rs 5000, hanh?
we should all... get together for a beer sometime.
can you blame him?
you cant drive without license.
because i remember something now.
but if i dont give him up, this whole things over.
what are you doing?
sod off. im fine.
it made me whole.
i think itll stop if i can bring them back.
i wanted to get off today, but realistically, man, after we get the rudder done, we still gotta lay the rails to get her down to the water.
so a closed loop like that will help you disguise the boundaries of the dream you create.
they have yellow fish.
you asked for my help. im just thinking out of the box.
i stole it from a very beautiful princess for you...
with allahs blessings, i fulfilled my promise to ammi.
give me the map.
just like at the playground guys, ... hand over hand
if these were really that bad, they wouldnt let you bring them on the plane, at out.
wait a minute.
dear mr. moucheboume.
i have to trust him.
okay, so what does that mean?
because its my destiny..
sure, its all yours.
i did not understand, sir.
why are you running away giving half details?
and then you would have given your lifes earning to them.
shes in my room.
hey, man. whats happening?
for richer or for poorer.
but why does she have to choose between us, shreya?
look, i dont want to fight.
it to my daughterinlaw.
i found it. i found it. i found it.
ive got it under control.
what brings you on this fine day to the e.a.c.?
are you okay?
but with water theres life.
..yet the boss has ordered for a cooler on the phone.
how bad can it be?
well call the estate agency..
your exits coming up, man!
maybe because you re my wife.
so when andy dufresne came to me in 1949 and asked me to smuggle rita hayworth into the prison for him i told him, no problem.
we killed it. we killed it.
a little help here maybe?
we maintained the distance between us.
arent you tired of looking at me yet?
now thats a subject i just happen to know quite a bit about.
as soon as the music ends, you blow up the hospital and we all ride the kick back up the layers.
ill take him, hes fair.
but this is all his fault!
i love parties. that sounds like fun.
get him in there!
who cooked the ratatouille?
i just gave you a compliment.
both went in and he came out.
so youd be more likely to come storming in here and throw me to the wolves.
were gonna be well on our way back home before we shoot that thing off.
hows it end?
ran capper for us on that gig in atlanta?
i just killed a man whos been perched... outside this facility for the last week.
anyway, i talked to lex. he scored us two tickets to the conference.
were getting hammered!
you dont scare me.
what do you mean, what am i doing?
this is jasmines room.
we were going to vijay regarding that matter.
back in the shed!
but it exists, nonetheless.
want in the game?
apparently hes gotten himself lost.
it was probably overlooked...
this is the arrival we had to go to departure.
be good, im counting on you.
look! already its half empty!
oh, dr. harford... .
please give me your hands.
no, she went out.
smoking cigarettes and eating a tv dinner at 6 in the morning.
thats my brother.
i cant use the axe.
... dont expect any special treatment.
terry, theres a call for you at the desk.
i think shell be delighted to discover a cultivated person who can hold a conversation while the men talk business.
what the hell have you people been smoking out there?
at last you eat our salt
or whether youre getting a divorce!
she died. she got...
uh, dude, your kids gone.
seriously, though, those tattoos, theyre beautiful.
youll all get your chance.
come with me.
so blame it on the night haha! do you smell that, barry?
the battery in the transceivers dead.
my point is, if we cant beat their defences, then we gotta get around them.
whys my body going crazy?
youve been reading a lot since we came to the island.
they took my baby.
what if he was a coward and ran?
ive been... around.
its her birthday, honey.
shannon, you are not worthless.
its sergeant pilla!
he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his names sake.
we dont have anything. it wouldnt matter if we did cause the dentist cant start a fire.
i cant take you seriously when you say bursa sac.
i wanted to make sure she
now i insist that we call upon our bishop to excommunicate him!
after you were taken by diver dan over there... your dad followed the boat like a maniac.
if i can get it out of her, maybe we can reopen lincolns case.
speaking of which, did you know that the word baroque was portuguese?
we need to look some more.
it just is.
hanna, whats up?
she already has.
he told me that if i came bback, i would die.
what the hell is wrong with you man?
i came here first.
ill bury you right here.
theres a small town 10 miles past the river.
when are you going to start taking what i do seriously?
seenu will be fine, right?
sorry about that, icky sticky.
hell, theres only one bullet left.
god is playing a joke on you.
dont try to fight it, ogre!
how come you and my mom didnt stay together?
thought youd say that.
hes a dimwit, so i reckon you can get his gun before he even realizes youre out.
i fell in love with the forest.
but i guess you guys kind of lost track, huh?
ego is here.  ego?
i got a phone from usa.
and what do you get if you do?
guess itll have to do for now.
im sorry, was i supposed to notify someone?
the gun was planted!
it seems he has destroyed his own coven
and if i happen to bump into janet, i will check on her.
ive got something to show you.
if jonathan kent dies, youre gonna lose something more valuable than your tenure.
and what belief is that, mademoiselle tatou?
why dont you go hang out with those comtron bums?
pleasure to see you again.
just do it. please.
if we cut them in two, it will suit the purpose.
its designed as a labyrinth.
theyre run by a shell corporation abruzzi owns.
man, you know what kind of trouble i can get, for just knowing what i know?
somebody broke that.
so, this is the paperwork your exwife sent over...
i realize im gonna regret this moment that i need to see their faces one last time.
pick up the bags.
what did they do to you?
it was like a vision.
for a moment there, i actually thought that you were maturing... but you will always be a little pest!
maybe we should call the police.
puss and donkey to the rescue!
stop following me, ok? what?
and when he does,hes gonna come after you.
why are you waiting? please come in.
she was wrong.
mom, i got roberta to eat her peas.
..the biggest price, mandira.
where is it?
plus, its only a twoyear commitment.
..to be the best friend of an unfortunate man like me.
send my regards.
there you are, bruce.
youll write field reports on your activities and your observations on the validity of the work.
whatd he steal?
we got you covered. over.
now some of it may seem a little scary, but i promise you all, we are perfectly safe here, okay?
i was out forjust few hours and youve done so much.
i dont know. ive never known anything else.
because, um, miles...
does my sister know you smoke?
but were just a few days from penetrating all of comtrons top secrets.
maybe she will stay.
lex isnt perfect, dad, i know that.
go eat your food... even thats free...
no offense, andrew.
well, actually, thats a common misconception.
no, im peaceful, happy and pleasant, look at me!
wait, this cant be right.
our relationship transcends race.
so they just stuck you in the motor pool when you got here?
sheriff, id like to file a...
they keep dragons in there!
but, bella, i would never ever do that.
many omatacaya will die if you do.
lets assume it is.
make sure this gets back to rome.
i think you are a genius.
jack, we need to be there at the moment of the incident.
if i dont answer, come find me, okay?
i was doing something for him.
she said no.
ive not heard of anything, sire.
i dont think i can do that.
now were gonna play this thing out to the end!
i just hope its not too late.
who the hell are you anyway?
it would have worked, dad, until i fell into their stupid sandwich.
now youre giving me the chills. im sending you home.
dont leave me.
nothing is gonna happen!
yaar so like that how many sarees are reserved for one year?
see everything clearly...
no, no, no.
stay away from those cans!
and i got better.
ok will you drink coffee?
oh, im gonna lick me a rainbow!
but once they are astride their horses wielding their swords..
im sure zhao was the one who ordered the attack on you.
and when your heart stops beating, so will the babys.
let it be.
train starts to move...
i must find the girl i like, right?
no, its... its okay.
youll love it.
colin, im sorry.
better hope sawyer shows up to get his bandaid changed.
but perhaps i should take the lead.
how about we just keep moving, okay?
way i see it, were just going to be running in circles if we think were going to find exculpatory evidence before the execution proof he didnt do it.
wont he speak anything other than this?
but without your help none of this can happen...
thank you, son. thank you.
because they may be important.
you used to hang around with doug macray a little bit, huh?
like i said, doc... we got it taken care of.
thats what i thought. hello?
fischer seniors righthand man.
now, um... usually, my whole life, its always been crazy, noisy,
sighs deeply bring the man some damn food.
but youre lying.
if it rains, we should set up tarps to collect water.
whatever u enjoy doing, make that ur profession!
they just wanna ransom us.
whatever it is, lets go home and discuss, brother.
i thought id lost you.
this is the fourth glass broken by the rogues!
help me. someone help!
he moved to chicago?
i have eyes.
ive had a chance to read the rough draft.
we nonetheless wish you godspeed on your evenings quest for romance.
im afraid if i report it theyll make me testify.
..has become dearer to her today.
im going to tell him you fixed me.
did something happen to you, russ?
they become a mated pair.
every princess needs a little sparkle.
how many were there?
..then you tend to forget certain things.
im not a part of any agenda.
thank you very much
i hope this is all of it.
we need a diplomatic person to handle the clients and u are way too straightforward!
cause there aint anything on this island worth staying for.
quickly come to the hospital and complete all the formalities.
try and act surprised.
his beauty has made my life bright.
i will be forced to take control of the vehicle. im going home,kitt.
whos taking care of sawyer?
i need now is any kind of trouble.
..papa will find out everything.
this is matthew abaddon.
i wouldnt want him to get more upset.
we couldve told the truth.
maybe your people were looking for this place.
when dad was my age, there were plenty of things he wanted to be.
shit. how am i supposed to know, man?
why are you calling her? our job is done.
i can fly.
are you sure?
i know why you want me back.
oh she looks like a floral ornament
no, he was a torturer.
maybe they got it right.
look at that!
one day youll see, too.
come on, fight.
the fire lords son.
ihe looked lost.i was getting ready to make an announcement.
stop that and come here.
of a distress call saying, theyre dead. lt killed em all.
i thought you wouldnt talk to me..
it was only a trivial joke.
i thought maybe you might change your mind.
no, she died last year. now how would you know that?
even im having a hard time following this skewed logic.
remember last year, sashas accident, when she was stung by a hive of bees?
we were working together.
you didnt come to see me in the last six months.
shannon, your fathers been in an accident.
you fixed me.
it just doesnt make any sense. its not you.
hows the school year coming along?
by the way im lmmy, hi.
so you havent forgotten me.
cow is a wild animal.
how can i tell you why i love you?
that being said, if you come across anything that could shed some light on his innocence,
bihari, our deal is done.
that glass isnt breaking, and the door is sealed shut.
i have no idea.
..arent the only ones wholl lose their lives.
this morning has been a refreshing change of pace.
..that we should lose another one?
figured youd want your friends back.
its a loners dream.
oh, darling.take me home.
yeah, well, one day you will.
you must be rebecca.
looked like a stiff breeze would blow him over.
none of you americans smoke anymore.
it seems as though i have.
if they were, they would just do it.
how are you gonna get better by killing a bunch of kids?
you ever see battle?
how can you live with him here?
all right, im going in.
no, its fine. come in, mrs. welch.
oh lord what do i say when she looks at me
youre just caught in the middle, arent you?
okay. you start marriage arrangements.
d, just tell...
dont create new confusion.
yuri and sean.
you know, chloe, this is a class project, not a corruption scandal.
sir atleast take a look at this once sir please do submit it ill take into consideration sir give me some extension sir why why should i give you an extension?
yes, i heard that.
i knew something like this was gonna happen.
well figure this thing out together.
shannon, you have to be ready to do something important.
well, hes gonna need something from us now.
you coming with us?
you are so my hero.
its a fine distinction.
shall i tell you bit by bit?
so on behalf of oceanic, id like to extend you an invitation for a little upgrade.
weve already talked about that.
and every man without a wife and family!
go go go
seem such a waste to boil them!
security tape, the one that shows lincoln pulling the trigger...
ive decided to throw a party.
whats a wild wild girl, jake?
good morning, sir!
kate and sayid are triangulating the french signal, but the antennas power is really weak, so you have to wait until they fire their bottle rockets.
theyre gonna help us out with the hazelton transfer... specifically with carlo chavez.
this is my house.
what if she refuses?
doesnt matter, no one gets left behind.
thats what im worried about.
it was endless, but its over now.
what? he isnt coming?
youve got to understand, ms. donovan.
we going in there?
so, i came directly to your office.
youre stealing whitneys last chance to be with his father.
mind telling me what the hells wrong?
so i phoned you.
history repeats itself.
go away, sachin.
gusteau himself said so.
she feels that she should mourn the death of your son.
she isnt here on a professional trip..
no one gets left behind.
im not putting down anything...
ladies and gentleman...
like, i really need to get some rack.
yeah, im telling you, its a great piece for your paper, okay.
you can count on me.
could you wait here for just one moment, ms. kwon?
you havent listened to a word ive said.
then it doesnt matter whether its you or him here.
so can we turn off?
you want me to stay and clean?
im just gonna have to have oldham do his thing on him.
afraid so. you need anything else?
come, lets go. hello!
whats he talking about?
so, anything else you wanna do tonight?
let me know, g. im ready.
we got five minutes, lets move it!
im not sure.
or r.o.v.s...  dan. why are you so upset?
are you sure this is what you want?
they split up.
you think i meant to knock up lisa rex?
get on the ground!
the one we heard on the transceiver.
my mom wont forgive me.
he even tried to teach me how to play guitar. he says it impresses women.
i mean, how can anyone call him a terrorist?
turn around, joe.
do you think another man is inside?
we dont know what shes after.
theres really not much difference between mugsy alive and mugsy stuffed.
thats where that guy in the mechanic jacket dies.
can we just go?
if you dont protect me, narayanguda narsing will kill me.
chances are the battery is good, but the radio is dead.
ive this much only.
youre over there. im over here.
essam im not sure if i can do this.
but im legally dead, remember?
i need you to tie these together ok?
do you know who i am?
i got one.
guys like us got to stick together.
i dont believe you.
i let you in. now please let the girl go.
let me guess. did he give you the be your own man speech?
yeah, fine at making it collapse.
based on the weight and the distance between strides, id say... youve been following boone for about an hour.
sandy isnt a nanny.
are you okay?
ive been trying to tell you.
0lve eyes, i can see, right?
lets do it together.
..when you muster the courage to speak the truth.
you mean youre deaf?
lets go. were late.
that makes two of us.
we lost nine minutes!
what, with your extensive knowledge of the language?
did you fall in love for the fight?
get up, come on, come on.
were a couple of real rebels.
im not celebrating.
whats happening, dino?
and then sold all of us out so he could get off the island, that michael?
you know, i dont care about your secrets.
i dont want us to be together because we have to..
bit too much free champagne before takeoff?
he made the move on me!
and i love you mama!
idiot.. septic tank..u had the churan again...?
just so im not overreacting here, are you breaking up with me?
what did jonathan ever do to you?
seem to be having a bit of a staring contest over there.
he hit us!
i have to win, clark.
ok, well, thats kinda weird.
dont write your messages on the leaves.
oh.  yeah, lets dance.
well, ive got to put the paper to bed.
i didnt think youd come back.
tell you what?
id appreciate hearing your thoughts, even if youre not interested.
we need to get him out of here.
isnt he the boy that used to eat dirt in the backyard?
how many times do i gotta tell you those napkins cost money, all right?
maybe i have to think about going back into the hospital again.
look, i wish i had time to be more sensitive about this because its a lot to swallow, but you need to know it in order to do what you gotta do.
and you should announce this marriage on all news channel.
and then, everything changed.
whoa, wait, what?
can i borrow your jacket?
he waited till you showed up so that you could help him get to the island.
and they worship me...
you know something, kitt.
actually, i feel great.
leslies a bitching name.
no walnut no coffee...
rizvan, what are you doing?
dad, we gotta go now!  what is happening?
right now theres a man sitting in a room in my hatch, and i want him out.
if i told you i couldnt have fixed these bikes, what would you have said?
god did not bring you here, eko.
uh, seems to be a bit of confusion.
im sick of hanging in there.
cant you get it replaced?
no only pressure will increase and this is a college not a pressure cooker the lion in the circus also learns to sit on the chair fearing the whip held in his owners hand but we call such a lion as well trained,not well educated
us together heading for the portal.
ill take a drive out there.
and so is everyone else in here.
it looks new.
hey kate, gimme your shirt.
but i like sitting at the table.
dad, hang on a second.
u dont know..then..run run run run hey..wats ur roll number?
howd you do that?
unfortunately, that job falls to you.
white ones it is.
i think you should take this, boss.
i need your statement.
i think its the least i can do.
which way did he go?
chari, stop passing these comments.
that theres conjunctivitis, sir. its hereditary.
youve been telling me what sounds very much like nonsense for the past hour, and now it seems familiar?
will you sleep in here with me tonight?
weve been waiting for you.
youre not useless.
they dont know where to look.
we have a warrant for your arrest.
margina, have you seen aladin?
and he wont return to india until he doesnt forget jenny.
its been three years since i divorced maya...
mulder, take a look at this.
so slowly make him understand!
i am sorry. he does not know.
i know you up there, son of a bitch.
whyd you take it upon yourself to rescue hugo?
dont do this!
sand and gravel?
but nash achievements zero.
breathe in out, in... out.
the nurse is here.
i have to find the boat.
werent you gonna say goodbye?
smart thinking there, feller.
the escaped man is still human.
because he never cared about us...
jerry, whats your 20?
this is your problem, not mine.
heres a good one.
put him in the back room.
where are you going, sun?
life expectancy in the tannery was a mere five years.
wait, just because no one else came...
now mrs. meacham thinks im a liar... and shes gonna tell my mom and dad im a big troublemaker tonight.
l wont let you take it
you probably know why im here.
give us your zodiac raft so we can start... ferrying people back here from the beach.
actually, i dont really understand what he does, which doesnt matter since all i do is shop for him.
all right, im in. im in.
so why didnt you kill him?
induction motors sir..induction motor..he studied fully sir..induction motor!
do not make me hurt you.  oh dont worry.
dude, ive been having regular conversations with dead people.
you werent trying to take me back, were you?
granpa, let go of the boat!
i do have ajob of my own to do.
your son, aaron?
well, you guys heard, right?
what i want is for you to tell me what my plane is doing at the bottom of the ocean.
you know, he, uh...
ive got you.
quick, switch on the tv!
i like space.
weight 56 kilogram, blood group o positive.
then transfer me.
hes the pride of the rajputs.
see this..virus has cancelled ur suspension..problem solved comeon..wake up atleast now!
we gotta find a place to set her down.
they were trying to put you under.
how you coming along?
this is something i should have a long time ago... you stupid son of a bitch.
i wont do it.
ill be her fiance.
that changed his heart.
hey, well go next weekend, okay?
liam, my brother, just had a daughter, so, you know, were taking some time off.
actually, it isnt.
an idea that is fully formed, fully understood, that sticks.
this is rare.
i can keep my feelings in check.
there are three different sets of keys.
i know, but youve known him the longest.
i hope it was nothing serious.
then whys it got a rack?
will he stay with us?
hey, i got you. i got you.
like i said, john, youre a mercurial man.
yeah. you do the meteorite math.
i was hoping you could tell me what i need to know.
theres another worse truth than it.
daddy wants me to take tony along.
you wanna keep a secret, dont tell the fat guy.
i know how to use him.
what the hell happened?
whatever i did, im sorry.
was he on his own?
once upon a time, a long time ago, a king and queen had a beautiful daughter named fiona.
how many times i have to tell you,
you mean the metal?
the first lines p. sherman.
what happened when you woke up?
he gave me his word! his word?
when a promise has been made here...
end of discussion! that train is our property, its our decision!
they took my penis! they took my penis.
and you are getting late!
itll be for the country.
im not even worth your trouble.
something else happened to me this morning.
we havent got that long, joe.
but here you are.
it doesnt matter who you got married to.
parcher man is capable of as much atrocity as he has imagination.
okay, okay. clearly, we need to set some rules.
im proud of you.
we should go outside when its dark.
i actually would love to hear the story, andrew.
i have an 30 years of experience.
we only have the one sofa.
all righty, mr. smartypants. and its orange and small and white stripes...
yet, you act like you dont even want to find out where he is.
ive tried several times since and only gotten static.
its led by a princess because her father died.
still in one piece.
you cant be a genie.
actually my husband suddenly returned from his tour.
look, i dont wanna talk, ok?
my uncle has always wanted my throne.
its an excellent job.
im delighted you decided to come.
did you tell ryan about that?
where students come to dine on knowledge.
however, i know you havent come down to this hole to give me a pep talk.
my fathers sales manager comes to my house to return a cigarette case the emts pulled from your pocket at the hospital and it still smells of your sick.
bombay people dread people of madras.
did your dad teach you anything?
get out of the way!
howd you get online here?
not at the moment.
what do you mean, youre looking for her?
you really dont stand a chance now.
im not really a lord.
till now i crushed on don seenu for family sentiment.
never again come to bombay, stay away from it all your life.
whatd you do?
i know the gusteau style cold.
as real as ive ever made, which would make me your blue fairy.
i did this because its the right thing to do.
ghost, you want us to take down an armored truck in five days?
chloe its the same guy.
our only security lies in preemptive attack.
d must be busy...
i did call her.
no. lt may sound ridiculous, but its in a different place every time...
look like someone had a bad crack up.
this is all we have!
i thought it over.
and its, um, rather handsome, if i do say so myself.
hello. id  yes, ill hold.
wed like to talk to you about taking over his contract.
...when i face difficulties.
..from his badluck cant be good for me.
nearly two months we survived here.
ls he really dumb?
he make any deposits, you know, diaperwise?
you too will support me?
..that you arent my son.
how about you dont.
i could tell him that i love him.
could be an optical illusion, a mirroring effect.
how are we getting to sitka?
im interested only in dirty clothes not with men.
what could possibly make us even for the tampa job?
i dont wear cologne.
and bhairav singh can do anything for me.
breathe in through the nose. slowly. no, no, no.
you got that, you maggotdick motherfucker?
what did they look like?
whats your plan anyway?
i dont think you know how to have fun.
pull her, mother. pull her.
do you have news about olivia?
it became the symbol of something bigger, something better than this world.
the government knows about it.
why do you keep looking at me?
why didnt you just say he was murdered?
i dreamed of tron.
if your kind come on our land again...
its pretty cool huh?
ohh. you and aria are so much alike.
sorry about what?
you sure youre gonna be all right?
he feels you arent as close as you used to be.
you remember that night when you didnt come home?
you cant miss it. its off the main road.
he used to get dizzy just walking over there.
im off it.
you have been asking me questions i dont know the answers to for a week.
she an old girlfriend of yours?
im gonna get you a drink.
just now reached the airport sir.
actually.. my husbands nature is very different.
boss, dont spare him.
when did you last eat?
youre not related, are you?
and whats wrong with you?
you wont get another chance like this again.
i took flowers for jenny to thanks her.
surma bhopali. whats special for holi?
to know the whereabouts of major.
no, i was just, uh...
just watch your corner.
sir, they know nothing about beera. i know him well
miles, what about charlotte?
of you and alison on the steps.
pick her up like this.
would you like that, buddy?
the plane hulls almost in the water.
lets send him directly to burial ground from airport.
he said it made him think better.
lj, look at me.
the kind of criminals that operate above the law.
yeah, i almost got it.
anyway, youve got 10 minutes.
get down, bloody
sorry we couldnt talk more at the talon. it was packed.
id have pegged you for buddies.
hit you? you think theyre okay?
the hell is this?
they werent true, and we proved that.
thats what dr. know needed to know to get you to come home to us.
replaced the transformer.
my orders.  i dont suppose you will tell us
hows he doing, doc?
and i ring all the bells. gosh!
i think... i think im all right.
i think first listen to what nadia has to say.
you dont have money.
thanks. appreciate it.
youre never gonna get adopted, edith.
dont worry, no one ever died of insomnia.
doesnt it sicken you asking me that?
you can take your muffin to go.
go fast, lets tell them.
whats going on?
..break his promise in the mahabharata hindu epic?
and if this story is accidentally leaked you and i are going to have a serious trust issue.
well, if sawyer didnt tell you anything, why would juliet?
weve got a full field of beautiful brandnew vehicles, right off the showroom floor.
lets go, this is serious.
here. you want me to do it?
ill be in touch.
what is between the two?
i just didnt think there was anything conclusive on that.
he claims i should make my own decisions but then when i do, he shuts me down.
the doctors in metropolis found a cure last night. it was an old native american remedy.
but believe me, sara is our top priority.
whatever it was something lit a fire under that boys ass.
how dare you go through my belongings.
were not doing anything. were not even out.
i dont like wangdu!
i didnt accuse him. i have some questions.
i guess i came to the wrong house.
ok, first, find your exit buddy.
nor that he doesnt lie.
what has her love done to me?
i came home as soon as i heard.
you okay? get me to the car.
you seen jack?
um... she wore corrective lenses, and she was an organ donor.
that necklace gives you the power, clark.
i got you.
so, i guess were lab partners.
well, i appreciate the gesture, but...
i found out that chloe likes me, i may have feelings for her too.
by the way even the two ofyou are looking decent today l think...
why did you try to hurt ana lucia but not me?
what else do you know about me?
im trying to help, and the guy tells me go south?
you got a problem, bro?
did you see them?
i want you to be there the day before i die.
see you tomorrow morning, scully.
you need to get higher.
howd you manage that?
youve a face like a slapped nancy.
like... oh, there you are!
we know you are. look at your face.
he said that even though you dont have faith in yourself, he has faith in you.
too much train.
im so sorry, ranvir. please.
you re going to need some rehab.
what the hell did you just do?
why did he say so?
listen to me. lthe enough of you.
look at this right here.
so, what are you doing here, anyway?
why did you cry so loud?
its good to have you back.
youre not my father!
ill tell you later but first get the cash bag.
now youre a member of happy club.
i hope you dont mind al fresco.
you left me for him.
take care of that, felix.
i dont see her anywhere!
then why dont you just call it a brain freeze?
who wouldnt want to spend the day with sand fleas?
thas probably me.
and where will you be going? johns casket is outside in a carpet van.
i want you to aim for it. right here.
she came home when she heard what happened.
can you take the car?
can i talk to you for a minute...?
batuk patel pareshan, talk after the beep.
a program designed to create a perfect world.
of course you do.
got a job to do, baby.
well find them.
you think this is related to the murder case?
im dick sisler.
whats a webelos?
were the only two married guys on the island.
this one always forgets.
because i have what it takes.
their instruments wont work up here.
beacuse nose comes in between and then i wake up nose doesnt come in between, stupid
well, i am not driving you to dance class.
thats more than you left me.
but its not gonna work.
you actually sound sick.
then you cant help me.
you didnt go to graduation.
that the island was always moving.
one in. two more to go.
but glass doesnt smell.
so, what, were supposed to just turn around and hide?
sat in the kitchen, drank a case of beer while i went out on school street asking people if theyd seen my mother.
im a regular sears and roebuck.
oh, they got him  oh?
as soon as rumors of the indictment started, you should have seen them run for the exits.
because theyll be getting married 10 days from now.
well, thats some funny shit, man. thats some funny shit.
hey, hey, where you going, man? nowhere.
okay, answer me this.
were all gonna be safe as long as we stay together.
ranger here. this is kilo 11.
wow, is that you?
it needs to be filled with lead.
more walls, more bars, more guards.
the ratings are down again. this time, 20.
all clear in sick bay. over.
if anyone should have an explanation, id think it would be you.
it was such a comfort to me the first few years here.
its relatively simple.
because ive been taking care of you since you were ten.
usually they hit me middle of the day.
so certain of your world. of whats real.
if my people still wanted me, john, they wouldve stormed this camp long ago.
shreya...why dont you make us some popcorn?
works just like a can opener.
but a story tells what happens.
i am doing it for me.
i dont see whats gonna stop em.
oh, come on what know what you is dead. heya
well just take you over here now.
sooner or later, youll have to open your doors..
its a special book. please call him.
is he getting bashed up by our boys?
56, 55 54
nothing big as you think, just a small problem.
tonight is the night.
i joined a football team, not a cult.
whats done is done.
he was the head of a chemical warfare battalion in the north.
your mother and sister?
one is light. one is dark.
yeah, he took his dog for a walk. told him to stay close as usual.
beware of the lights.
ok, now, give me the gun.
why dont you get a little closer together?
as there are stars at night.
to your dad.
you know how it is.
what, i carry a spare in case i wake up somewhere unexpected.
i want to talk to both of you.
im not you.
hadley busted his head up pretty good.
then why do?
my husband is just a husband...
... makes a terrible bang
can you pull up the file?
my father too has agreed.
no, no, no, no, no!
you the one who was looking for me?
what are you doing?
those children who harass their parents have to face problems some day.
when he promised you half his share?
i want to meet you.
well, shame on me.
not ours. since when do you read poetry?
its been years since i heard you sing.
i do know something about history.
i wish bella would call.
why do i get the feeling that theres more to you than meets the eye, scofield?
you said i would always have you around!
we have arrived at the location of the package.
but why do you think like this about marriage?
beautiful as always, nina.
what if we dont find one?
no. lt wasnt your fault.
and how do you feel towards him?
my uncle says youre very smart but not very nice so i shouldnt pay no mind if youre mean to me.
i cant feel anything.
thereby hangs a question.
so these others, you think theyre left over from the dharma folk?
he was proud when i told him i was going on a date with a bona fide rock star.
in the period of which we speak... there reigned in the cities a stench barely conceivable to us modern men and women.
if you hear anything, give me a call.
and i said i aint doin nothin.
thatll bring them to us.
so youre like a, er.. actress or what?
he loves you so much.
tell me.  atlast we got the sharpest man.
its so unreal.
not enough time.
born and raised.  yeah?
i adore it.
its not just military families.
this weeks breaking news, right inside mayapuri.
i guess this stuff does work.
you would risk everyones lives?
i  i know how it sounds, sayid, but you have to trust me.
because i couldnt keep my dumb mouth shut.
i dont know who is playing the game with whom.
i just carried his luggage. jack,how?
by the time it got to five oc lock, i had decided.
i cant sell that now...!
hey, can i get a hand with this?
he just jumped me, man.
im so sorry... cellphones, i tell you...
youre lucky lm taking him to the play school.
200, cash only.
you might wanna take it easy on him.
only reason why i dont kill you is because i owe you.
you girls make my life very colorful.
what are you doing, man?
yes, i do.
youre... youre taking us uptown.
come on, hit it, you dumbass bitch!
and if we are gonna succeed in this you have to forgive yourself, and youre gonna have to confront her.
what did she give you?
i wont marry her.
ill be your best friend.
yes, well, im afraid i...
today, my respect grew even more for that idiot rancho!
youll find him at seven oclock in the morning.
now, you get over there, and you stay there.
and im not pregnant.
i hope wine is okay with you.
have a look at these photographs.
he leadeth me beside the still waters.
do not tell me what i can do.
youve been waiting for that interview for weeks.
i suspect he can see.  you confirm it, ill finish him.
you. no, drop your gun on the ground now.
im still her father, agatha.
you know them very well.
will... will it make you proud of me?
at this hour, sir?
okay, well just have to pick her up and bring her to him.
how do i know why shes saying all this?
could use more pvc. here, boss.
um... dont look, ok?
so, youre the vampire girl.
how do you know that?
maybe someday science will release...
its all right. were friends.
and dont worry, ill take care of the nitwits, ok?
did you burn the raft?
hold up. if were hunkering down, i gotta grab frenchie and the kids.
people who do this kind of work are ghosts, man.
its funny how grownups cant make their minds up about what they want to do.
on yours, the reverbs bouncing at the same time.
here, let me help you with this.
man all battle stations!
aal iz well now he has brought something new our baba ranchhodas!
oh. is that straightup jack?
..will be much more extravagant than this.
his name is isaac of uluru, and hes helped hundreds of people.
we pump gas into an area, we lure the thing in there, and we burn it to a crisp.
i see you found your bag.
what happened at harrys?
yes, richard, i do.
what a party! what a stupid friend youve!
you got a big fucking bullseye on your back, luke.
dont ever mention money to me, you son of a bitch!
i was being pulled.
never got up. hands folded underneath the blanket.
wait, wait. stop. stop right where you are.
general, you might wanna watch this.
just dont think about it.
sun, this is a bad idea.  what concern is it of yours?
you want to know who i am.
make me into a real boy.
youve been there long enough, and youre the most dedicated dancer in the company.
its a little big on you now, but youll eventually grow into it.
that in a minute, that computers gonna start beeping.
dory... if it wasnt for you...
and if theres ever anything that i...
its just the dance and everything.
every morning at ten, he takes the bus from hiranandani.
this is a first date.
whats wrong with you people?
behind your head and turn around.
ixnay on the surveillance footagea.
fucking crackers cheating!
im very proud of you.
its pretty obvious to me you need some guidance.
your name is ghajini.
but its not for little boys.
the air conditioning broke again.
now, we wait for him to come back.
you spend too much time thinking about what things mean
come on, baby. come back.
in my residency. i did a lot of em back then.
howd you know about that?
you wanted me to inform you the details minute by minute.
i just want you to know that this is the best nondate that ive ever had.
go back where you came from!
and hes a dentist!
youre going overboard.
how do you know where i live?
now, weve travelled all the way across country just so he could see you.
thank you, yes.
im not trying to take anything from anybody.
25, we cant move these guys, matty.
we need to know whats going on.
no, you dont need to do that.
secure the perimeter, wait for the humvees.
we met at a laundromat.
i just couldnt live in a world where you dont exist.
charlie, john has locked me out of the hatch, and i believe he is doing this because he is going to stop pushing that button.
now, you could do what you normally do when someone asks for something, tell me to screw off.
this is some kind of payback because i wouldnt eat the urchin the other time?
listen, theres something you should know about me.
and without legal representation.
this way! this way! come on!
the pilot said we were over 1 ,000 miles off course.
this ones black. different weave.
wow. how you doing? i didnt know that you were gonna be here.
you wouldnt understand.
jenny is beautiful and classy.
he stole all three cars.
i believe i did.
i love you, lmmy, i love you.
i think you draw better than anybody in the whole world.
the explosive material in the missile has attached itself to my outer skin.
how would you know that?
... ifirstsawhim that morning in the lobby.
well, why dont you just sit by a fire?
were not traveling through time anymore?
hes taking it one day at a time.
vegetarian? what are you doing here?
hands behind your back.
whichever part i get hold of i rip off five kilos of flesh.
uh, very smart... and intense.
after its released, hell be cremated.
there is a woman in this church, and she can tell us how to get back to your husband.
not even a fourpointer.
go to your scheduled rehearsals this afternoon.
sayid... that guy you tortured... he
shes practically her clone.
and my mother looks back at the dog.
you can tell from knowing him for two days?
wheres the rescue squad?
the only thing fiona cares about is her cause.
hey, shrek! are my babies cute, or do they make people feel uncomfortable?
i thought you were different.
mmm. be the change you want to see in the world.
so what shall i bring back for the mother?
inspector, did you hear?
well, aint that swell?
wed love to join you and scooby for another zany adventure but we need to hand in these slips before homeroom.
i want to see you die.
..after you got to know what happened lts not your fault.
go through those doors and take the elevator up.
fiorello, how about it?
but then, why is it waiting?
this idiot got glasses!
lincolns son lj just left me a message.
so i talked to your father on phone.
my mother was a black dwarf from the northern mountains.
what do you mean? have i frowning face?
my personal place in the sky.
..and the thing later.
i had to look twice to make sure that was hanna.
put out that fire, pack up the dynamite.
we thought wed never see you again!
storm coming soon. this way.
whats he doing skulking around in the woods?
no. not berlin. not yet.
well, then youre not gonna have to fight for long.
i like making my grandpa tito laugh.
did you just solve riemann?
i know who killed bob, sir. uhoh. i dont know how that got there.
you think you can track him?
i find sawyer on the ground. you just took off...
still taking the punches.
sun said he wouldnt let jack take his leg.
thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies, thou annointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over.
when alexander the great was dying, his generals asked who he would leave his empire to if he would appoint a successor who would keep the legacy intact prevent generations of bloodshed.
so whats your excuse? excuse?
i know who you are.
if you are hungry, go up and look around, remy.
rogues, you betray your own benefactor.
can i ask you a question, brother?
our first fighter, a murderer serving four consecutive life sentences,
the mind automatically fills it with information its trying to protect.
this is your second wish?
oh! how a man proposes says a lot about his character.
when i send her home before a storm, thats when its time to worry.
bender of course. choral music plays on recordplayer
were meeting melissas fianc?
and when we do that, what happens is before you.
well, well. looky whos got a secret stash.
it has gone out for a stroll, lets tell baba before it comes back.
so hes gonna be okay?
and he loves him.
oh, i will.
what? im not doing anything.
well become friends.
hold the wound open, keep pressure on the top of the leg.
from where have u come yaar? ..
mother, hes the brother who saved me today.
its miles. come on.
looks like i wont be getting much sleep with the sun streaming in.
so five altogether?
ill swipe this and chase her.
while experience, acquired in humility... and hard work, means everything.
and the other people on this plane...
what the hell is that supposed to mean?
the trail of the perfume, lasting several days.
now you do whatever you need to do to find him.
okay, i wasnt going to tell you about this yet, but i have been working on something very big!
whats going on with sayid?
did you call 91 1?
im gonna go get the dynamite that we didnt use, and were heading back to the caves.
my dad hasnt seen me since i lost the weight.
chance at what?
and pretty.  that too.
say all izz well.. say aal izz well
dont worry. weve got this place covered.
im sorry i yelled at you.
were being hunted.
i got them in my sight, sargnt. theyre coming up on the west gate.
thats her husband.
dont knock it. their divorce rates 20 times lower than ours.
happy birthday to you!
what do we got, sir?
brians not here.
ok, come on, come on.
ill find that boy.
clark, man, how cool is this?
thank you for calling, please leave a message after the tone.
look out! that guys got a gun! run!
are you having some kind of problem with your people?
youve got to move, colonel.
youre not qualified to run a camp..
we cannot tie noor abed jazeem directly to the bombing, but we know whereher sympathies lie.
theyve been back three years.
i dont see nothing.
but you never stopped eating, because thats how you punish yourself.
no, i mean it! its huge..!
well, there are a lot of cliffs on this island, john.
smaller than the whole, sir, yet over 15 miles in width themselves.
do you have a copy?
theres nothing about an exit clause in here.
current brought us back.
what happened to the ship? its big again!
would you guys mind?
he can stand!
you had a dream?
it started as a fever.
if you could see my soul...
listen to me, you bastard!
doc, its going back in!
fasten your seat belts!
..with the armies of my ally, and directed them towards the desert.
mine was. absolutely perfect.
tell ranchhodas shamaldas chanchad!
mom, dont be afraid of me!
guess thats what you get when you try to be a hero.
so, what did you wish for?
i have run it through my database several times.
tell him to cook more.
theyre from my father.
at over 2000, you wouldnt have fit.
here it comes.
lts all clear down below.
you taking the baby out of claires tent in the middle of the night?
thank you. whats all this?
can i ask you a favor?
whats the matter?
and thats why youre here?
i dont wanna understand!
i see that todays lesson was to be on rivers.
you really dont know?
i could even get a horse. we could go riding together.
you you feel like this is right for us too.
thirtyfive kilometres to beacon.
you ought to thrash some sense into them.
about locke being dead? i dont know why he would, but thats the only explanation.
when just a glance can set water on fire.
now, tell them the truth!
ive done it again.
kate, we have to go now.
you just relax, mr. locke. im gonna get you some juice.
they bring bad stuff to everyone around you.
cobb, we should walk away from this.
26, this is 25.
tell your aunt i stopped by.
its not a request, detective welles.
a little bit of politeness will be good to begin with!
a little wine, a friendly chat.
maam, im sorry. this is a restricted area.
right out of officer training school.
if the ritual isnt performed properly shell take birth in some other form.
you have your dinner. dont wait for me.
veer, slowly. ill fall!
thats the principal of my canteen.
its not a date.
there was an explosion.
i never said i was poor.
i thought youd be helping chloe proof the latest edition.
they could be the ravings of her disturbed mind. song lyrics, mixed with equations!
of course, its mine.
and to go into the field with us.
your sentiments is good for her.
theres a ceremony when everyone bows to me.
so what? i know that when you see a shooting star, you cross your fingers on both hands, squinch up your nose and you make a wish.
he looks just like you.
sour cream or hot sauce?
not me, you fool.
all right, im going in.
yeah, but the way the markets keep jumping around, man, another four, six weeks, who knows what the ratesll be?
when did people ever mattered to you?
i myself couldnt recognise him, how can baba recognise him?
actually, im only going a few blocks if you wanna share. cool. are you sure?
you want a piece of me.
keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
billy,once i complete my system diagnostics,
jacks gone. i need your help.
we need some kind of relief, you know?
you started off from my home, stopped here, whats the matter?
i wont burn you.
get out of the way.
sameer. come on buddy, get up.
how about you, clark?
no parking lot.
i was thinking about my mom, and... all of a sudden i couldnt remember her maiden name.
all right, well, ill take a look at these, see if theres anything useful.
sit in that corner.
lincolns pretty strong.
or hell have to move to our fully assisted facility.
and if you dont youll find out youre not the only ones who can reach through walls.
oh, im sorry. i didnt mean to interrupt.
youre supposed to take them now.
but surely he cant be very old. what is he, still in his 40s, late 40s?
how much fuel?
but thats all right.
so ive been telling all my friends about you.
what did you think?
do not harm my son.
i dont want to make that same mistake twice.
he said sister, right?
then prove it..prove it pia..im not..
shes his sister.
no, it wont be quick.
we need a doctor.
the sun dims into twilight
helllo, hello hello mr.ramalingam, yes ya im calling from lajpat nagar police station, are you from uganda?
i can do it, i can do it!
who took the other one?
they want you to go away.
towards this light.
this is time for double celebration.
its because we are predators.
where do you want it?
whats the matter with you?
here you are, gents.
were taught to spend our entire lives cowering in selfdenial.
but i didnt take it.
edward is old school.
im not going.
the second, this week.
you thought, if you dance with me then ill dance vigorously.
she pays the goddamn bills!
what did you expect?
this has nothing to do with you.
its a symbol of our love.
will you have lunch with me tomorrow?
put on the main switch.
this is a radio receiver. its like a walkietalkie.
you guys run numbers and pump dope.
dont be afraid.
and i always will.
and the world was more beautiful than i ever dreamed and also more dangerous than i ever imagined.
you can relax, lieutenant.
heard the doc here was vacating the premises.
hes such a loser. what a loser.
i never saw them move.
there were these guys and they started...
i look back on the way i was then a young stupid kid who committed that terrible crime.
just like the amraam launch pad on a stealth.
give me a minute! no!  wheres jin?
are you done with your family sentimental drama?
i spy with my little eye something that begins with f.
what about the fever, cough...
she said everything i wanted to hear but it didnt seem like she knew what she was doing.
were civilians remember that.
and we thought itd be a nice surprise.
i had her, and i lost her.
just watch a lot of tv.
the police found him in an alley in kings cross.
the last bottle i gave you.
or you will do the hardest time there is.
is this the way to shoot?
she wont be getting through our line any time soon.
they get back on sunday.
youve said enough.
business tycoon sanjay singhania in an affair with an aspiring model.
give him something to grab on to.
if you could move the island whenever you wanted, why not move it before the psychos with guns got here?
do you see any of the crew?
we got you a little get well gift.
you mean, just now, that was you crossing the road?
especially when youre holding all my money, right?
hes wearing a brace on his left leg.
i think thats what rousseau thought about you once.
clark, youre gonna be late. we gotta hit the showers.
your dad is going to bathroom too.
ana lucia cortez was...
keep an eye. im going in.
i was awfully impatient for mom and dad to see how my friends and i had cleaned the house.
im supposed to give a damn?
we really didnt get a chance to talk after what happened yesterday.
i was wrong, and now hes dead.
now listen, we re running a little late.
now go up and look around.
you want a lockdown, you got to get the inmates riled up.
maybe well get enough to bring him on board.
all six of them.
without even asking me, they sent out invites naming sanjay as the chief guest.
did you know that after that car hit me and i was lying in the road...
i brought you into this house for the first time with these hands.
actually, i think ill hold on to them a little while longer.
theyre in prayer but not for much longer.
what have you done?
lost season05 episode14
ethan, bob whats going on?
if she ate that she wouldnt be able to breathe...
my sister was eight.
sent him 200 leagues in a mule cart. nearly killed him.
hey, how goes your new lana initiative?
well, this is like that... only real.
and this concerns me why?
it has a teardrop crosssection.
small world, huh?
if i had a dog, and my dog had a kid..
wipe the crowshit of my back.
let me guess pancakes with powdered sugar not syrup.
and he got it!
creamy, salty sweet, an oaky nuttiness.
what did you do that for?
ill teach you a lesson...
is that a camaro, jeff? yes, it looks like aa vintage, early 70s model.
you cant just keep running.
hey, little fella.
its not here! what are you doing out here?
shes like a mother to me.
you heard the man.
i knew you could speak english.
why cant you stay in my room?
its gonna take a little time, sam.
but you can.
im not fucking leaving.
good luck, charlie.
it has to be.
look at me, jack.
anyone else, 15?
you made it!
i hear theres a spot open.
im clean now.  get jack!
im up there with the threeheaded calf and the monster from crater lake.
fucking mumbling, stuttering bastard.
lets put him there.
i look back over my shoulder..
we can go home.
what would you call that flavor?
nothings ever for sure, john.
if we see that light turn red and the batterys not already cold, that is the last thing well ever see.
we even built a golf course.
and once the moon is mine, the world will give me whatever i want to get it back!
dont be stupid, andrew.
you all right?
oh! sir l was responsible for smashing your big pot.
what you got?
what do you say?
am i free to go?
you get picked up for intimidating a witness.
let your first wish be this. jasmine.
the mans been in here 50 years, heywood, 50 years!
come on leave right now from here.
did he ever find his parents?
and i thought it would be easy to watch him do it. but it wasnt.
im talking about your ex!
im starting to worry about him.
how long until i can walk on it?
here. hold this.
were safe here now.
did you just say richard alpert? john, please.
oh... thats not necessary.
okay, no, no, hang on.
has been... for a long time.
but look on the bright sid at least somebody around here knows what the hell theyre doing.
get them hands up where i can see them!
what ill do is grant a recess for lunch,
missed you too, mom.
are you sure about that?
pull up here.
i know, i know, i...
he means as a hostage, love.
can you hear me?  yeah!
i dont give a damn about that fibonacci.  youre right.
i dont waste time with losers, tommy.
im gonna make myself a drink. you want one?
no, shes not.
we only got two options.
where you go?
ive nothing more to offer to you.
and if you put me and juliet on the sub with em...
this is your hotel, your casino. and so is the toilet.
its time you learned your history.
no, not the guys on your own team.
then she asked if i wanted to open up a bank account.
with cuttlefish tentacle, dog rose pure,
with service to honolulu and guam,
what kind of clothes have you worn?
what? having to ask questions that you dont know the answers to.
were only interested in one.
it takes a real man to be able to drive around in this.
brother, there are no spies here. you havent cut the phone call yet.
oh, it, its, uh, not a question, but i do have something i need to say.
isnt it good to have the press?
we can take them.
yup. soccer gear? i think i forgot.
gasps what is this place?
every episode of the walking dea with you.
they want to scare us from doing what they know we can do.
thats why im doing this... so i can thank him.
listen, i wanted to say,
that would be a fatal error,michael.
why would he go there?
keep that in mind. only then youll succeed. okay?
they make us wait for two hours yesterday, why did you say sorry to them?
guys, you know this is illegal.
once i get out, i can shut him down.
okay, i was playing barely hard to get. whats the problem?
batuk patel pareshan, speak after the beep.
ah... yes... im steves wife.
youre going to stop and you are going to cover me.
what a coincidence?
yes. yes, it has.
all of us.
ill be happy if youre with me.  im coming...
whatever that is. looks like some sort of sonic fence or something.
please type dear sir, it is my painful duty to inform u that ur son is restigated..
theres a mollusk, see?
you can hang out with me in la.
i told him to start with cars in the county.
when were you planning on telling us about the money, man?
its the best nose in paris.
it was a dream, but it was the most real thing ive ever experienced.
jack, you need to hear what...
some of its parts might work in the transmitter im building for the raft if youd be willing to take me.
yeah, that old thing.
the shaft might get narrower down there, too.
put the guns down.
you want to hit that a little harder?
what was her name?
its much better on my side.
and we know only how to form different sects. ln the name of religion, caste, kingdom and the king.
youre on the ballast. on my end.
they say the eagles been seen receiving divine honors in some tribal temple in the far north.
is that supposed to mean something to me?
you want to hear my confession?
tell him the truth now.
your wife. what is her maiden name?
i sort of get what youre going through here, lj.
i see you!
and what wouldnt a man do for his son?
where we going?
something like that.
let go of the girl.
yes, yes, yes.
what are you studying?
we brought sayid back. we caused this.
miles, have you seen james?
are you new to mumbai?
you just got back, john.
here they come. i need a picture of the cheating jockstraps.
on the other side of the island,
sure. its all youve talked about for weeks.
yes, lets go home.
my biological parents are either dead or didnt want me.
result of dehydration. posttraumatic stress.
so they let you tote that record player down there, huh?
how about best out of seven?
you were here first.
it makes me sick.
susan know youre here, man?
if youve come to apologize, i forgive you for hitting me with your crutch.
i hope you been learning how to swim...
i will stay and fight!
then the first choice is better.
gp rajan road.
you are my brother, sam!
just stick with me.
stop watching those serials till the marriage.
i found you the sweetest of them all.
we cant go back!
youll find them in the drawers in the exam room. clamps?
because i dont trust these people.
well, sir, to the good old days.
we dont have anything.
tell me the combination.
he said that only you could help them.
i thought about calling out to them so theyd turn and smile and i could see those beautiful faces of theirs, but its all too late.
no, you werent.
some people werent meant to have a regular life, clark.
if you let her go, your wife is in danger, jin. danger.
i came for him.
whoa, you can smell all that?
he said he was doing codebreaking.
weird, it almost feels like home.
you are going straight to hell on route 666.
i didnt mean to scare you.
you have to hit back hard.
look at you!
i know i said you should let your feelings out, but youre taking this too far.
get in that truck and drive.
and i intend to go over every one of your statements.
i mean, with your prints on the murder weapon and all.
your opinion isnt the only one that matters here.
im the one whos here. im the one who saved you.
will it work out?
not a vampire nor lycan but a hybrid
the police say its vandals.
is that really what happened?
its a matter of love...
yeah. theres a place right next to brevigs. it just opened.
you want to throw wrenches at it?
forget about control, nina.
what kind of things?
bring someone like you. is it that easy?
come on, if its guns or explosives, you heard something about it.
but i do see a lot of this in smallville.
if you kept to the plan, those soldiers might be alive.
does he remember anything?
nemo!  first day of school!
you mean the splices?
you tell me about it.
in the next three hours, all the women that are in your life..
we got to conserve ammunition.
i was angry.
what if it tips over?
we were hanged upside down and dipped into water for six times head on, truth came out.
i did everything that i could, but your spinal column
you want to be on your own, you got it.
theres an oil mining operation in the gulf of mexico, drilling platforms.
so, he just attacked you, huh?
its the paprika.
allow me to offer my congratulations on your ravishing debut.
partying with my friends.
actually, just one.
and what were stealing is, lets face it, garbage.
im going to the loft.
home, sweet home.
make it quick.
what if somebodyd seen you do it?
the twisters are gonna set down south of here, but for your own safety no one will be allowed to leave the gym.
i dont know who that is.
we can change our destiny.
any my sister, shes married.
this place is strange, mandira.
turn it that will take me all night
dude, where the fuck have you been?
when i came home dad informed me..
he looked very serious.
those are pork chops.
carey, were going under the rig.
maybe this was a really bad idea.
can i ask you something, lafleur?
fuck you both.
come on, hes dead.
i told them i wanted to talk.
everybody go out of the pool!
happy birthday, aladin.
i couldnt eat hard wafers.
i warn you.
sameer was not only my son, he was my dearest friend.
call a meeting.
hey, i want to know what that machine of yours is made of.
were supposed to take care of each other, ok?
jack. jack, hes... jack, stop.
yes, more than that.
stones... warm stones.
i m in your hands.
i like it here too.
were you just in the house?
crown with diamond, rubies and pearls.
its game time.
she believe in such things even in this era.
hey, its been posted.
will you come with me?
im sorry, weve already had this conversation.
this ocean and this place here.
indistinct chatter and laughter applause smile for the camera!
i propose a race.
you take care of your wife.
were going to live on!
i think we run with mr. charles.
weve been tearing it up and ive never even seen them here.
come on, little chef!
and he wants to show me his id.
well theres a lot of weird accidents around this guy.
i thought you said we were supposed to lay low.
my angry wig.
chances are hes another crackpot, but id be remiss if i didnt check it out.
we have tried to teach other sky people.
get him out! lets go! lets go!
look at us, bro, we are burning up!
a kiss ought to do it.
there is no way...
thatd be north.
what do you mean, like, go home?
l cant endure the distance.
we got a bird down in the city.
i paid you 60 to stay home.
and second, theres a long way to go for me to get married.
is that amber rose?
maybe if you pray every day jesus christ will come down, take 200 pounds and bring you a decent woman.
who the hell knows?
stars will come down to earth to become your anklets, weve reached bombay.
i dont remember any of you.
i dont have any problem with him ..
i dont believe this.
theres always a fucking crash.
well, then, i can save you a lot of trouble, sayid, because ben says hes got a spy on the boat.
he never made a sound.
former miss universe.
what, am i stupid?
were only going to do it once.
i think rahul...
i aint doing nothing until i know my friends are ok.
do you have a better explanation?
which is a lot, im guessing.
we lost you for a while.
i dont know how, but she found a way to know me.
i have a little favor i need from you, buddy...
youll look more beautiful in traditional dress.
pick up your shit and get the fuck out of here.
tell them what exactly?
the distress call we intercepted.
noche de tacos, amigo.
my old man used to read me that story.
..his surname i cant help you.
yeah, especially since we dont have a pot to piss in thanks to abruzzis magically disappearing jet.
what if i dont send her back?
my sons on stage...
so, you better take care of your business, or i will take care of you.
seeing as youre the new sheriff in town, might as well make it official.
thethe kitchen? gone.
and williams appetite for destruction and rampage was insatiable
the man who will get beaten up here will be either one of it, if i beat him, itll be nuisance, tomorrow itll be news.
ill get her something to eat.
while youre nursing your boyfriend back to health ask him what he was doing before the big game.
i can only wrap my mind around one woman at a time, but i appreciate the permission.
very angry and very upset.
i want him out!
lt wasnt ordinary, troubled me a lot.
just...just couldnt say it.
not gonna cut it, huh?
we forget everything else when we fall in love.
stay cool, aunt bea.
mrs. v, you are looking beautiful.
ill go my way.
we do not offer second chances.
you can stow your gear downstairs, all right?
this is the fourth time hes left.
youre gonna have to talk to him about that.
i was trying to protect you.
do we return?
why are we stopping? because were here.
now when convention and science offer us no answers, might we not finally turn to the fantastic as a plausibility?
i need to know youre never gonna do anything like this again. ever.
he said walt was the one who told him to kill the other chick.
at first i thought it was just shock... but it wasnt.
i think its the most beautiful thing ive ever seen.
no, why cant i have breakfast with you every day?
i mean, are you okay with alison?
talk to him.
..and one such story begins in house number three on this street..
trevor, im looking at a picture of you.
is this your boyfriend?
hes a geologist.
tell her,tell her, my heart is ordering me,
well, you are sometimes.
vishal, i am not just your lawyer i am your friend too.
how do you return?
we have to launch that raft tomorrow. we have to.
clu has the disk.
you better let me know now, because our day off is just about over, huggy bear.
well, find out!
if i had any family left, thats where id be.
you have lost the right to call me that!
what if we brought somebody here to watch it?
let me just get a towel.
how can someone live on like this... i wonder, what hes doing this moment...
but you are not like me, are you?
its nice to have a welcoming committee around here
kyle, these are not treats. these are guests.
you are a smart guy.
what will you tell him now?  ill not pick up his call.
thats your wife?
youre prying into my private life.
cover those doors!
its about wind currents...
this is a logging access road. fire watchtowers on the other side...
keep your station clear!
i mean, i dont really know him, but you and your friends do.
who you seeing?
good morning sir.
you wanna hand me those dirty clothes over there?
he couldnt shut it out.
i dont know.
oooo...umm..ya wat problem do u have with my dad, hanh?
i dont think he will.
makes you wonder whats in those other two graves.
right... absolutely right!
cmon you girls...
no. no, i cant keep doing this, okay? youre both nuts.
learn from him, learn from him........ sit down sit down
not after our long, illustrious history we shared together.
wont you give me a tour of the city?
what are you gonna do with that...?
how can you be like that?
alu. no one can take jasmine away from kasim.
hey! i want a favour, too, huh?
another step and youll pissing lightning bolts into next week, ok?
hi, baby. what are you doing up?
well find him.
l already did.
sir, she said it.
sam, come back.
are you really happy?
why dont you save the speeches for your classroom?
thats two more than weve had.
clotaire is bottom of the class.
fix it? look, it has been disintegrated. by definition, it cannot be fixed.
so i guess...you guys have to come with me!
mustve gotten hung up.
you hear me?
sri lanka. india.
down in front, asshole.
i will take all of them.
i acted a little and yearned a little, i did enjoy this game,
oh, no, youll have to do rather better to offend me.
im not taking a damn army across the island.
oneohone tank has been destroyed. company beyond the defensive line....
no need to be so overexcited...
now, drive shafts albums mustve spiked when everybody found out that i died in some catastrophic plane disaster.
you will see that there is nothing to be scared of.
so far its great. thank you.
are you going to eat that?
but just think about it.
come here, i need some help!
messy stations slow things down.
what you kids got there?
since i am innocent of this crime i find it decidedly inconvenient that the gun was never found.
i say the chicks busting his balls like nobodys business.
so youre going ahead with your plans.
are you saying you know how to find them?
i went to a few bars first.
so whats the difference between a martyr and a prophet?
yeah, i think theyre still here.
you know youre like your dad.
dont say that about papa.
a little honesty. just give me something real. anything.
it looks like something that its not.
im not paying top dollar for an animal that doesnt scare anyone and doesnt know any tricks.
its about what i expected from you.
why let him live?
no biryanihere. eat what there is. youll fall sick otherwise
or someone doesnt want me to remember.
that it offended her!
..i would have done the same thing.
whats this nonsense?
its bad, right?
it was the regional headquarters for a company called ecofield.
it should be under dean moriarty.
we need to talk.
i got a whole goddamn crop full of these.
shell teach me.
i didnt know that you were volunteering today.
did you say i think?
get everybody down here right away.
devon, did you hear that?
i tried to call you.
i dont think it does that.
am i alive?
no idea is simple when you need to plant it in somebody elses mind.
no, please take us to hotel royal cliff.
you hate rickman.  you can learn a lot from someone you hate.
two should take care of the hinge.
would anyone expect you to point a second gun?
we need to get you back to camp.
just goes right out the window.
its more connections than the human brain.
did you see that light shoot into the sky?
he had his chance. he missed it.
hansens used to being picked first. man 1 yeah, hes wasted on math.
i just wanted to hear your voice, so no pressure.
i felt like we really bonded when we were away.
yes. yes, of course.
how do you know my
im down!  holster your weapon.
there were, of course, crimes committed.
you dont care that soones going to be executed for your murder while youre just sitting here.
thats why they are after me.
well catch them.
shall we take a look at some paradoxical architecture?
now, hes got his back to me.
boat like that wasnt built for the open ocean.
so they prayed for days to the moon spirit and dipped me into the sacred waters.
what do you mean by it? no?
this comes from philly himself.
he is... on his way to deliver something to, uh... a guy named...
i dont know nothing about that.
well, youre right about me.
leave for church with a smile.
or ethans team.
its always something with you people.
did you lose someone?
you know justin.
im not just a memeber of the general public.
bryan took the money.
that theyre bigger than us, stronger, but also heavier.
could be charlie, i suppose. im tickled you have taken such an interest in my affairs.
my husband doesnt know.
we shouldve been on the beach an hour ago for the muthafucking main event.
are marriages made in thin air?
donkey! as long as youre not doing anything, how about one of those famous shrek roars?
did he misbehave with your wife?
he has a way with my coffee!
i want to exactly like priya wants me to be.
bend down, somebody may see you.
you asked to fill the tank and madam wants to stop.
but do you think theres any value in it?
now, you make my motherfucking money.
the imam preaches peace, sayid, that every human life is sacred.
absolutely. right this way.
look, ill send jin upstairs cause no need for him to be down there when he can be up here with you.
i know what youre thinking. i really suck.
yeah, he went to get some wood.
im coming... im in an important meeting.
previously on lost
theyre commemorating the expulsion of vampires from the city.
there were about a dozen perfumers in paris in those days.
shh, shh, shh, shh, shh...
i have a daughter. i have a little girl!
the hatch. whats in it?
i just thought that
its a paxton family tradition.
they smother you with pillows and make it look like an accident.
even i didnt know..
we got it.
send out an emergency alert to all affected rig oims.
you see it?
hes my enemy, my hunt!
there aint one. the only other route is all the way around the city.
i saw a horse.
she was good.
he tells them, suck a dick.
so are you going to the dance?
special agent kellerman, secret service.
call her the name i like the most.
why dont you want to go down there, jack?
ive tried to protect you and others from certain realities.
gather the others and meet me in the war room.
... as a friend of the arts.
not even my head of security knows this apartment.
theres no resemblance at all.
ever since we have met things have been going wrong...
you sure know how to make a girl feel special, sawyer.
and whose idea was this?
hey, i dont think this is best for me.
ok, shannon, what are you thinking?
because thats the exit.
dory, keep going! hes crazy!
ratnam, after he left the place, what had happened there was... ls it smelling good?
i often felt a sort of envy of humans of that thing they called spirit.
we tracked him once before. we can track him again.
we were searching for a famous lost wreck.
because. he wanted to be with his family
yes, there was that too. small detail.
they let three people go last week.
what is it you dont understand?
thats very nice of you.
we can operate her, just relax.
yeah, well, chloe called...
most of the other tenants... they dont like noise.
and this is where shell be.
hey. you guys wanna buy some necklaces?
do you know who did it?
hey, when did you come home?
have you seen rose? !
fast tony was right..!
she can love us both...
i just have a little unfinished work to take care of.
ive set up twoperson shifts.
you must have been in constant pain.
you will get know slowly.
that is far more than weird.
ln johns world, these behaviors are accepted encouraged.
im here, charles, because you murdered my daughter.
can you sit down for me?
parker, wait, stop,
i have to show you inside mildred.
so put the knife down.
my leg was hurt, so he...
whoa, whoa. skyler, why are you doing this?
no, i got it. loud and clear.
we need to talk.
were selling cadmus labs, lex.
it was above the physics department.
but, uh... theyre even more confused than we are, sir.
i settled the deal with your life.
dear diary, im getting really freaked out by that hasbeen pop star.
dont get into my dads profession!
our parents got married when we were, like, eight and 10.
i dont think we should start looking for time machines just yet.
hey, guys, i hate to break it to you, but im getting a really bad feeling.
my friends thought you had nice legs.
its not mine to take.
because once they have me, their orders are to kill everyone else on the island.
i am not a murderer.
you are no genie. youre a conman.
but yes, something like that.
from the k152 nerpa...
just give me the address.
and the flash and the flashs speed.
michael, where on earth are you?
im sorry you got shot.
so what is it?
aleya its not...
you need a haircut.
why didnt you say something?
if i hadnt shown up...
i took down clyde.
maybe she will be special.
theyre on our side. our side, juliet?
hes never done that before.
do whatever you like!
kilo 64, green light.
yes, john. thats right.
my usual payment?
youve got the wrong number, dont call again.
ask him where he took the pilot.
were the variables.
you know, janet is so incredibly jealous.
but listen, i made
dont beat around the bush, straight to the point, why are you here?
what the hell are you doing? hiding.
the the noise, when the sky lit up... where did you go? i didnt go anywhere, john.
all my sorrows get alleviated.
falzones the one paying me.
sun blames me for...
thank you... for saying what you did.
names frank, by the way.
i got a plane to catch!
because i only get a quick fix.
he aint goin anywhere with you, you crazy son of a bitch.
ill try and keep that in mind.
this is what i love about highschool parties.
id feel a hell of a lot better if we were a few hundred pounds lighter.
im afraid we were unable to resuscitate him.
like i said on the phone.
why not now?
digging will be difficult without shovels. not bury.
so if we can catch up, we can tie it on to our locomotive.
what do you mean, where it was going to be?
while you wait, what if your guy decides to kill my dad
so then, why doesnt it eat the animals in the woods?
you asked me earlier if i was a professional.
i need you to go there and find my mother.her name is what happens if i cant get them all to come back?
you will come with us wont you?
let me make this very important announcement.
all we got to do is make it to the other side.
and... you went to frankfurt.
and they were last seasons.
you feel youve been rehabilitated?
we never seen nothing like it.
and im very grateful to them.
ah, but a girl patient.
... andyouknow theres always a nurse present.
your eyes divulge the story
i just have a bad feeling about this.
just once bhaiyya.
and i am thinking of creating something for count verhamont... that will cause a veritable sensation.
french chick said the others were coming for the kid.
her name is helen, helen norwood, and she was living in los angeles.
dont make me laugh!
oh cry me a river, blubber tooth tiger. have some fun!
i dont want any more surprises.
thats not true.
i care about you.
toward the end of his ruthless life his next breath meant more to viktor than silver or gold
i think its just mrs. akerly at 230 and mrs. kominski at 4.
i think she thought i was amish.
this is the man whose boat is parked offshore.
martin look at him. bender
you should check it out sometime.
..and ill turn all those lies into reality.
35 dollars, 99 cents. on sale now, at walmart.
and we are gonna get my boy back.
i think youre just gonna stand there, like the little girl you are...
dad, i got the posts in the west field.
no, definitely not.
so, what brings you to smallville?
need some help with smith here!
but i was betrayed
he nudged me.
so controls just cleared us up to 35,000 feet.
you talk to ben?
baby hueys like nails on a chalkboard.
its all strip malls and waffle houses.
are you trying to con me?
you did this to me!
when we get rescued.
i wanna show you your birthday present.
why would there be?
then why dont you mind your own fucking business?
i saw him, lex.
..brings two strangers together.
and so, in the end..
if i were a savage, i would have cut off his finger already.
so... is there anything?
this is the only place the trees arent picked clean.
i didnt say pull over. hey, dont jive me, browne.
carey, you watch the monitors.
i had to come to prison to be a crook.
what is it with you guys in charlestown?
and we need to teach him a lesson.
its easy. and we wonder why our politicians arent great leaders.
we have to get out of here.
barry im afraid theres been a problem.
this is gina. weve got one more.
tell my dad im sorry i stole his keys.
well, now, whose boot prints are those?
it was my fault.
were using them.
kalpana is like a magic wand! one flourish and yesterdays gone.
i phoned princeton.
were working on it.
you a doctor?
there is nothing he doesnt.
john theyre russians! rosen
the place between the two...
dont ever do that again.
im surprised they left you behind.
take me home.oh, darling.
your dad told my dad, so...
ana lucia... and libby.
taste check. spoons down.
suit team, go.
if i have to come get it... its 500 francs minimum.
why did you do it, pretty boy?
help me over here.
whered you get that tattoo?
i lost a dollar, you know.  howd you manage that?
thats a great idea.
let me give you a hand, ok?
who these people are, what they want, how we just walked away from there without even calling the police.
i think it may have... dislodged us.
ooh yes of course...woow you look beautiful!
if you were any thinner, you wouldnt exist.
its a polar bear.
i said drop it!
we can be anybody we want to.
because i was rich.
you can do this.
what happens to pregnant women?
how do you know?
i want to try different things. whats wrong with that?
nate, i was just telling walter here how sergeant farmer was saying... youre probably just gonna flunk out in your first semester anyway.
you really need to start worrying more about your dad, leese.
personally, i think my futures gonna be brighter than that spoiled rich brat that walked into that corn field.
thats when i hit him.
dont go near water!
and none of them has spoken a word of truth about where they were.
how soon can we get started?
i thought if i gave them the baby... lts okay. i know.
so the other night was fun, right?
my son is not an astrologer, but i am.
what do you want?
victoria will be back in a few days.
if im in trouble youll rescue me. other than that youre emotionally unavailable.
and here, of course, is the new weapon you ordered. no, no. i said dart gun, not...
the writing on the back of nadias photograph.
our warriors sharp teeth finally tore it apart, but only fire would completely destroy it.
i was right upstairs. you shouldve stayed.
i was going to get away.
the mighty huntress returns.
this is it.
body of someone else and soul of someone else.
i never do anything as good as beezus.
do you want your baby to live?
i dont hate you.
and because i didnt want to leave this wonderful country of yours,
i heard he asked to be sent here.
youre not going out with my girlfriend, all right?
yeah... in a way.
could i please get some water?
they brought me here on a sub a long time after that.
i knew it. i knew youthe come.
yeah, but he didnt.
i saw... his thoughts.
i need you to quit playing around...
can i count on you?
can i help you?
big bad wolf!
whatd he say?
you heading back to the caves?
its up to sawyer and kate now.
and its raining in mumbai!
that is mother, she is tsahik, the one who interprets the will of eywa.
then you break in and steal it?
lives on the park.
i thought since were on the same flight... i didnt mean to invade your personal space or...
i meant your name.
oh baby, where are you going?
told you tomorrow, ghost.
now while the movements of the island seem random,
time for what?
luce, please. youre embarrassing me.
eyes, ears, no vocal cords.
a kicking k. k, kinks?
ok? i was drugged.
three.. two.. one..
nice try, ramona. were going.  yeah.
the thing that i keep coming back around to is that you want to be hated.
take them away!
thats why im here.
give me your license.
mirazs men and war machines are on their way.
lets not walk this way.
and we might lose our house.
immy, come here quickly.
just like you love your wife.
and i speak nine languages. we should make a baby.
then you can decide...
whos that guy?
just... stay out here.
the fax is in from london.
go to him..n make him understand lovingly..
upon her many paths, praying, hoping, eagereyed, musing fragrant shades of memories, i stand still and...
..is carrying forward this freedom struggle.
i can explain, amanda. just wait. amanda!
after that it rained in my house.  code is correct.
whats it gonna be?
curious what she wrote about you?
he is a real beauty.
have you seen my dad?
im tired of them nurses and doctors making you stand up and chat your business in front of strangers.
someone had to take responsibility.
its hard when even your regular customers blow you off.
she wont even talk to me anymore.
thats gotta be close, right?
lets get you two back to the fort.
thought youd like to know.
shes red and wrinkled, like a pickled pepper.
he could barely speak.
idiot every year u sit in the centre with virus n take photo while well be rotting in the side this year i think well be finished out of the photo itself!
i am with you.
youre very capable.
if you, uh, you wanna go with locke, ill be right behind ya.
dont think so!
then be a hero.
if i can smell you, if i can hear you,
excuse me, would you like to have some?
feds got this.
ok. theres gonna be consequences.
my scanners are picking up a man hiding under the bridge, and there is no sign of the package.
i was surprised by your call.
we werent doing anything.
yeah, a cute officer in traffic.
you were in the air for six hours.
i dont give nothing to nobody.
you can no more distil the scent of a cat... than you can distil the scent of you and me!
even if the motion is denied, its going to take 30 days to process.
how would you describe mr casse?
big businesses ofthe big people.
where is she?
stop thinking about you was because i didnt want to.
im missing you.
thats just great.
you were right. she was stealing from the till.
nothing, which is what worries me.
normal, for me.
go and walk her to the car.
fischer, youll be going with him.
i dont think...
a wife thrashing her husband.
remember what you did after that night?
could it be true?
she has brought you up?
theyre gonna be back with the instruments soon.
the package has been delivered.
yes, i am.
but have no regrets.
we need to go.  im on it.
screams, gasps  its ok!
suns in l.a.?
good night, mandy.
... butthisis justbetweenus.
you dont allow that to happen...
i suppose youd like the password.
can i talk to you for two minutes... please?
i hate to pull you away from your adoring public, but im not getting anywhere with fiona.
you love her dont you?
more or less. dad, let me help you.
youll go out in this?
of course, what do i know?
i wouldnt either if i was drinking that.
..because sofiya and the others..
and turned his whole life upside down.
i will never leave you.
is this your french woman?
he he he was
all this is food?
guess she was gonna catch a connecting flight.
well, hey there, sunshine.
you said you knew how to start a fire.
after we go to the walk of fame, im supposed to write about us going there.
get this fucking dog off me!
she wants to marry papa...
and we are good to go in t minus 10 seconds.
hey. and if we default?
sounds like you done time all over.
listening to my joke, am i not a humour king?
and if youre thinking she knows more than shes letting on, youre out of line.
will you all come and see her perform tonight?
somebody done robbed that bank before we robbed it.
better to err on the side of safety, at least until we can be sure.
you should take your own advice.
!  i dont wanna impress her!
did you hear that? sir?
what did you do to get this role?
i need to go.
now, i could...
well, she loves it because you gave it to her.
i thought we were done with that.
nothing. he tells me nothing because hes scared of you.
those were the good days!
wasnt a postit note.
lets kick the tyres and light the fires, big daddy!
alok mittal..second row..fifth seat!
one by one.
ill give you two some privacy.
whyd you leave kate behind?
i save his, he owes me a favour.
then how come youre still alive?
you still taking the medication?
do you even know what could have happened today?
youre a child, troy.
..grapes, biscuits.. brother.
maybe he only speaks whale.
quit slowwalking me.
even i noticed.
i have something you need to see.
he has learnt nothing... he knows nothing about our country.
doesnt sound like a meteor.
listen. its all right.
all the charges have been dropped.
and how did you come to beon this island, danielle?
today, its a man who owns air voice.
i sure am.
its everything weve dreamed of.
sam, two nights before he disappeared, he came to my house.
i know a lot more about pain than you think.
then, i give me my word. lll behead the king and each of his british friends.
hey, man. its your lucky day.
stop the car!
though hes duplicate, yourjob is done, right?
..they wont come back again?
motor control is looking good.
why cant i have one?
what can i do for you?
his stomach is really bad.
i didnt come out here for that, clark. i came because my friend was in trouble.
hethe have thought even if you become worthless..
hands where i can see them.
because ive her diary.
but as linguini explains, egos smile disappears.
think about it.
it wont be too much if i carry it for you.
even if it is for a day.
ashish, i want to look for priya once more. please.
i cant take no shit.
in a world of designer water, clarks from the tap.
what are we talking about?
you sing badly.
good to see you.
what is your name?
your tears will raise a lot of questions in rohans mind and... we wont have any answers to his questions.
this is 64.
most of my friends are trying to get out of high school.
shed probably understand better than anyone.
have you ever seen his sculpture gallery?
there is a part of me which was always capable.
here we go. 77.
first pattern with count.
where do you think youre going, blondie?
hurley told me that you lost your wedding ring.
you used to cal me as broker when you were young.
shit, were boxed in!
why is there even this short distance?
..for jenny i can..
and you think ill just let you slop around in my laboratory... with essential oils that are worth a fortune?
what day is it?
officer ranvir is at your service.
fearing to act is human.
hes kind of like my father.
is this the simmons residence?
i thought you should be the one.
your voice sounds young.
even if you kill me, you cannot take what i have
ill finish loading the prisoners.
because you chose me to go with you instead of sawyer.
... itneedntbe acostume.
tell me about it.
those things had to happen to me.
we just have to talk him into resting. good luck with that.
you know, exercise is addictive.
anu, my glass is empty... i...
so they baked a cake and lit candles.
i mean, henry, did you see his face?
i dont want to be a part of this.
it will connect its charge and create a chain reaction.
yeah, and when we left we all got a text from her.
with a name like that in a county like this, old mrs.gudat would not be too hard to find now, would she?
well, if you werent planning on sucking the life out of the girl i love,
stop, look and listen!
okay. put pressure.
im not at liberty to say.
just do as she says.
i think its gonna be a western.
come on. youre acting like theres a kidnapper behind every tree. come on.
weve been married for two years.
you didnt call me after coming to india.
not after you were so smart planning it.
they dont know many ghosts who write in spray paint and own a black light.
go away. i barely have enough food to feed myself.
youll pay next month.
for you, i thirst
sighs i brought you something.
what do they plan to do?
you gotta be careful with it, you know, its the virgin mary.
wheres everyone else?
i wish there were 10 of you.
how did you know where i was?
posttraumatic stress disorder.
pinocchio worked until midnight.
darling, i am your waitress!
because in about a week,
they have to be complicated enough that we can hide from the projections.
i dont feel too good.
why dont you understand?
could be a human thing.
i got nelson and twombly with me.
and here you are, an orderly.
he builds a golf course, and everyone feels safe.
what else is in here?
this is complicated.
im almost out of this stuff. listen, you are a father now.
throw them a rope. take them around to the stern.
lm 1 1 , not nine.
that woman is still sitting there.  mmhmm.
im gonna get him back.
im gonna go into town to pick it up. wanna come?
why dont you tell me exactly what they might be?
so, whats it like?
i love this putter ronnie.
women never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly.
just hold on!
our records are private, sir, and anybody...
that depends on the meeting.
you know what i mean.
youre taking my place assisting the 60 gunner.
come on. gotta get you out of here.
careful, mr. rango.
i have the whole collection.
then i was... and, uh...
weve been given a second chance.
come on, tell us!
its time for his session with me.
just let it go.
then ill work at night, when hes sleeping.
dad will die sir.... please type sir,please sir my decision is final and irrevokable!
its fitz, not fritz.
i have to let you go.
is that wells did something to the trap.
sheriff, where are you headed?
i dont remember.
marcus aquila is tainted.
please. he needs his mother.
no. i said i was thinking about majoring in english.
yes, i m afraid so.
one of my friends is member of rasools gang.
then were through here.
waiter good evening.
one of your friends will look after you. someone i can trust.
some of our crew were missing... we were looking.
and we had the kid cornered, so we went in.
clark, ive been looking all over for you. look what i found in the daily planet.
did he see you out there?
have anything to do with ecofield?
why are you barging in?
they seem to have had a rough time of it.
until you find true loves first kiss and then take loves true form.
where are my cuffs?
you found the lamp.
dad, its not bedtime.
i want to tell you everything.
dr. cullen just a little something to brighten your day.
she says she knows your beards fake, tom.
harris girl is making the dude organise his entire wedding two weeks before we deploy.
you like the kitchen.
wheres the love? honk, honk.
so, could we just go straight to the sex?
well, heres to henrietta, whose spirit is very much alive.
hes not a loser.
its the lady in the black dress!
freddy, thats you.
but you know what zoobie!
come by after. knock back a brew. detox from this.
whatd you tell him?
you freshen up and come, ill wait here.
you do understand,dont you?
no. jack wouldnt know the first thing about whats wrong with me.
but you dont change, do you, dorian?
anybody driving this thing.
my fault, my fault.
have you been drinking?
tell me, what type of woman is mrs. moucheboume?
were too late
ben, i cant do this right now.
not everyone is like you, sawyer.
rip it, roll it, and punch it!
you better start making sense, you dirty little man!
chilli fries on me.
i dont know.
no, you dont understand.
now you better get us the fuck out of here before that freak comes back.
was there any special reason for marriage?
charlie, charlie, charlie.
go up quickly, sofiya is waiting for you.
im the voice of knight industry two thousands microprocessor.
okay, john locke...
i just happened to be passing the theatre and...
ill tell her you called.
he didnt tell you what they were for?
no. its ok.
you strike me as a particularly icy and remorseless man, mr. dufresne.
it was hard enough trying to convince them to let him wear a gun.
hugos the last one that saw it. oh, this is just awesome.
but every choice has its consequences.  some more than others.
hey, jin! isuh, please. is there, um... raa radio tower?
sawyer, you dont know who i am, but i know what youve done.
what happened to the dumb man?
if its something you did, you drink.
it mustve been burned down.
but i was her puppet. she pulled the strings.
i dont understand.
hello, everybody, im gabe sullivan, plant manager and proud father.
marlin what do these markings mean?
we will talk after breakfast.
dont you think that..
next day, next year... 2006.
that day, everyone was looking for that one special object.
mrs. delgado, i know you dont like me, but i love your daughter and she loves me.
but you are the first outsider. ever.
four days till we deploy.
you know why women used to get married, dont you?
keep an eye out for any medical supplies, drugs in particular.
and said he approved ofher.
i pretend to be a rat for my father.
no, im not.
emergency developing throughout nasa and the space community.
my name is ljjas.
hey! give me that water, man.
mr. rizvan khan.
ill bring an extrabig sandwich.
all i can do is tell the truth.
this isnt necessary.
excuse... dory, dory, dory!
the phone got disconnected.
youre going down there?
so, what happened?
my brother. boone.
people, weve talked about this.
two. rose quartz and meteor rock.
that is your focus. youre a geologist.
its because my life is swell and i dont ever want it to change.
prem, didnt i fix you in jennys heart permanently?
now, i think white always looks good.
what are you doing?
if you dont believe me, you can see raman here.
why you bring her back?
what do you mean its over?
its the girl in the green at the bar.
were having a strategy call in about two minutes.
clark kent for president.
a good place for a trap.
im sorry. ive been having some problems.
no, what was her name?
hes killing the descendents of the jurors who convicted him.
i dont know where am i, ive left on an urgent work.
but one thing we do know is that were fighting for our land our families, our home and our country, goddamn it!
if he has met anyone like me, hed be hanging dazed upside down.
it cant be coincidence that we break him out of the ice, light shoots into the sky and now the fire nation is here with their machines.
when i was a kid, my parents left me..
perhaps you dont want to tell me because it causes too much pain.
thats your deepest desire.
just give me two weeks.
for many complex psychological reasons,
now she is included in my worship.
i could use a good man to help me get my project on wheels.
i think youve become very busy, you seldom come here.
and next to her, was my little brother.
yes, i bet they will.
what are you talking about, pal...?
thank god for the metro rail.
how can a piece of metal mean so much to you?
you get points for style, though.
can i open my present now? please.
we could have lost her today aman!
i wanted to go a long way away, like to china or arcachon.
i was just saying everything is so soon.
i havent done any mistake, believe me.
and today, youre going to make another mistake..
you wanna drop hatcher?
blah, blah, blah. need i remind you, this mans seen things?
this is a jackpot!
i defrauded a major corporation.
food, glorious food...
you just said that you dont lie.
no doubt about it.
im sorry about the pompom crack.
ill let your boyfriend go.
unless youre trying to con them into joining an army.
her name is cassidy.
maybe its just some colossal joke.
clark, has phelan tried to contact you?
its not my problem.
ringmaster had a piece of the lamp..
neytiri calls me scoun.
sam jakes right. youre good with weird.
..and start rubbing them.
so i saw your picture yesterday.
can i trust you, basil?
where are we? its hard to say till it gets light.
rage against john, against god, and....
everybody, take five.
i shouldve married your mummy, i got caught with a mummy and my life turned into hell.
she didnt say it was a fight.
you know, on the other side of the island?
but i never knew that that idea would grow in her mind like a cancer that even after she woke...
sisters name anushka.
sky people can not learn.
welcome to death match.
all we want is our pilot back, so we can send him home to his family.
youre gonna educate them, huh?
the binder in your hands shows all the air routes that fly over the coordinates where i believe the island will be in little more than a day from now.
its been fours months.
what happened to harrys younger picture?
man, shrek and me just busted out of that place!
we got a little chop ahead. put that away. youre freaking me out.
look, were 1 5 miles out. we could be here for weeks.
that man doesnt know the difference between an errand and a fools errand.
there he is.
u should be thanking phunsuk wangdu..its because of him, tat i found a clue see this..my secretary tracey was here last month to arrange a meeting with phunsuk wangdu tracey cudnt get an appointment with phunsuk but i got rancho
he is arriving from lucknow today and... he will come to meet you as soon as he comes.
someone close to you is going to die.
james, wait. not a good idea.
and you all.. change this and get into your other costumes.
do you have a problem?
down at the beach, i think.
give me that book.
looks like a real pageturner.
rizvan has reminded us..
with our depleted manpower, were asking that anyone with flight experience come forward.
they have a hidden signal.
gasps    screams  help me!
will you let me out? ! ana!
years and years of practice.
ill deal with it!
i just saw her again.
im bens daughter! im his daughter!
maybe it thought were the ones who dropped it here.
they will be confused...
when we got close, it blew open. lex said he felt something brush past him.
im gonna get back my son.
it seems like such a long time ago now.
every one of them sat at my husbands memorial, and every one of them was thinking the same thing.
i can see its close. go, go. push!
humans created a million explanations of the meaning of life in art, poetry, mathematical formulas.
so you think hamilton brought back the nicodemus.
were in 3825.
just promise me you wont shoot him.
put two clips..and cut the umbical chord farhan, get two clips..fast!
have you told em how you feel?
got it covered. safe flight.
dont be shy. come on.
sounds like youve got it all figured out.
im representing you now.
she didnt love me any less because i was adopted but she worried about me more.
our baby in this crib. come on. thats a happy kid.
a dharma station.  for what?
get your ass on the line, convict.
what you got there, hurley?
nobody leaves this ship without my sayso!
anything you say can and will be used against you.
see this photo and think what will happen to this smile when they see ur dead body!
ill mark the target with a strobe! over.
his exit clauses are sneaky.
ive been here over a week.
all call signs switch missiles.
i dont think shes had anything to eat or drink.
i had an incredibly complex social network going!
whats this rule?
and now a fight to the death!
what did you think of my speech?
for two weeks, hes been asking me about explosives.
i understand, and i take full responsibility for my actions.
none of this matters. im dead anyway.
as a paperweight.
if youd spent the last two years doing the things i was doing, youd be paranoid, too.
this is how people get killed in scary movies.
a rookie c.o., and it aint even christmas.
one small bed where his paralysed father rest one coughing mother and one sister at her age of marriage sofa with all springs out and 24 hours running water from terrace mother was retired from school and almost tired everytime... his dad was a postmaster at his age
im with you. im with you.
you came in here a couple days ago with that woman kate, right?
may she rest in peace.
the father of this child will play no part in its life, nor yours.
hes playing with us.
those handling food will walk on two legs.
i understand... the predicament that we are in.
how about you just give me a gun?
yeah, six hours in. he turned around and headed for fiji.
i dont recall you asking my opinion.
hes got dynamite.
something very bad.
its a good color on him.
i think the last time we saw each other,
im gonna be on my feet soon and well be sailing home before you can even...
whats going on?
you call trying to kill me in front of my kid honor?
juliet. she was their fertility doctor studying pregnant women.
and i got game.
when hes walking, he might need it.
come tomorrow, well locate that water and return to a heros welcome.
grab me that seat from up there. i need that mesh. we need to create some sterile...
weve got kids and people who are seriously hurt.
why are you getting angry?
dogs can find pot and bombs. im sure they can find water.
vector, open up!
chloe, what do you want from me?
may allah bless this letter lm writing to you.
there are no windows to any room and the bathrooms dont have a door.
our director sir has done much miracle here, chamatkaar miracle means.... i dont want the meaning dubey jee, ill memorize it.... chathur has been chosen to present introductory speech on teachers day
this list can wait.
i poisoned you cause im a criminal?
you.. you mean he hits you.
he could have been an artist when he was younger... but he decided to be my dad.
i want to say something!
what will you tell machiraju?  truth!
you, help me.
what i wouldnt give for a cup of water right now...
loyalty to the firm, and in this individuals case a family tragedy that may qualify him above the rest.
i came,penelope,to apologize.
you are big motherfucker, yes?
fire those souffls for table six, ja.
you wanna try?
well be there by friday.
youve never seen him.
i cant reach!
theres no return address on the envelope.
why is this happening?
you know him?
i like the kitchen.
the storms moved on.
you dont remember?
just gone. vanished.
thats what you heard, lenihan?
now he changes childrens diaper over here!
youd all be dead now if it wasnt for my david!
michael, if youre trying to calm me down, youre doing a terrible job.
dedicated to rogard for his numerous amount of lost subs!
agnan is top of the class and teachers pet, but above all hes a dirty rat.
ill take you there.
and i want you to choose me instead of him.
if it checks out.
they live in a camp with huts, and...
oh, no, honey, i wont.
youve gotta go there tomorrow and tell him you cant play.
have you ever seen this man?
when he has no problem, why do you care?
and now were just gonna run off again?
i love you, i love you, i love you.
she must have one.
where are we going?
i was just about to go to bed.
you wanna tell me where naomi is? what?
ive loved you since i was sixteen years old.
no, you almost got yourself killed.
certainly. well cooperate in any way we can.
im not beating these men to scare you.
ill count 10 if u dont come out ill piss on ur door for the whole semester
youre the son of a bitch who shot my kid. dont fire that weapon!
david, when we leave, the doors will go smart so you cant leave your room, but if youd like....
lady prunaprismia has this night given lord miraz a son!
hell still call you, write to you, come to see you whenever he can.
sorry to disappoint you.
just say i love you, itll save her life.
i couldnt see.  where did this happen?
sir, your son is the best damn marine i ever commanded.
isnt it wonderful? hubby, look there!
he doesnt care about sins.
and how you gonna do that?
lets go get the mirror.
ladies and gentlemen, the great john nash!
give me another.
and the lord said unto satan, hast thou considered my servant job?
change your language.
then the fun really started.
both ofyour shoes are not matched.
shore patrol says theres no way she could have made it across, that the currents are impossible this time of year.
my name isnt hurley. its hugo reyes.
then i came along?  yep.
it is difficult to see, and oh, my gosh!
put the gun down sir!
its to thank you for everything.
but if were gonna protect our people and all the work were doing here...
who is next in command?
no, i didnt.
and then, yesterday, they found me.
im guessing its a gift from our favorite millionaire playboy.
well, find something else to do.
thats the only reason.
give him a minute.
sorry l mean mr...
i gotta find her!
its just me and my son.
dont worry about me cause im gonna stay.
i cant fight this anymore.
i said get out if you dont wanna spend the night in jail.
you have a list?
but maybe i can.
im very sorry for your loss.
all right. lets get you to bed.
running around the neighborhood, looking for her.
its a wake.
previously on lost
back in iraq, you were an interrogator?
she thought you were worried about what would happen if you didnt.
yeah, i know.
a faction of the red army calling itself novaya svoboda the new freedom, has control of the bomb and intends to detonate it on u.s. soil.
sort of an anniversary, right?
these arent just dreams.
some people have problems. us. him.
clu cant create programs.
i cant stop, my sister said.
look, dont get mad at me but do you remember when nick said that he could see signs before something bad was gonna happen?
no, its our problem.
you can imagine how responsible i feel.
this is your new sim card, with two years warranty.
im sorry i made your life so miserable.
i shout and scream so they think they dont frighten me
it was going fine...
let me get the other two out of the bus.
we dont know, little man.
are you sure about that?
shes not there sir ok..where will she be availiable?
they want to know how the newborns differ from us.
because she isnt!
have you seen him?
take the stairs to the basement.
follow and learn. come on, margaret! feel the rhythm of the drums.
it is not a remedy.
i stayed in my car so i wouldnt scare you.
charles was watching him.
get off my property.
do you see him now?
someone took it from her bag.
and all you have to do is give it a little push.
with gold and diamonds?
me too. me too.
thought we had an understanding.
you know, i dont really remember him from the plane.
yeah, absolutely, all the time.
my stomachs still in knots.
well, i think i remember. what was it that you said on the way to the hatch,
pete, i want to help you.
besides being a total perv who peeped in our windows?
how about you shut your mouth and get your buddy over here moving?
head of the indian military intelligence.
everything tells me youre lying
its your bad leg.
so youve been the one keeping a watch over this for me have you
retired and surrounded by pussy.
happy birthday to you.
alright people, target in sight.
everythings gonna be okay.
now just pick up the bags.
we all care about the kids...
say yes this time.
theres a heady cocktail, in wines of merriness
did you see that?
heres another idea scram.
we cant kill him now.
im gonna run, okay?
the theme of the perfume, lasting several hours.
miss austen,based on your prior history, im inclined to agree wh the people.
yes, or in my case
well, is he around?
no, you dont know. ok, all right, lets get started. come on.
work in progress, g.
margaret, do you remember when we agreed that you wouldnt go to the frankfurt book fair because you werent allowed out of the country while your visa application was being processed?
you missed one.
come on out i am alone
so you can get outta here.
..were talking about lunch.
do you think youre ready?
just tell me one thing, was it easy to lie to everybody?
it would help if you also opened the auto roof.
anjali i am really sorry darling!
im dr. marvin candle, and this is the orientation film for station two,
you see these files?
ill take him to task.
among his peers, hes considered witty.
all in front of their little boy.
were clear on where we are.
not arnzt. arzt.
rizvan khan, good to see you hale and hearty.
it was written to walt. you want me to call him?
just make a list of things that you like about yourself?
goody for them! and they lived happily ever after!
he picked me, mom.
if you file a report, things could get a lot worse for me.
i didnt get you anything.
you aint got the heart to pull it off, aight.
what do you know about friendship?
helicopter blades whirring
c4, automatic weapons, blasting caps.
i thought of stopping you, but you stopped on your own.
well all be free
we dont know whos living here, and whos still at the beach.
now, i am praying for 12hour shift. i have to get...
how about my painting?
that was so much, fun! did you enjoy it?
l heard a faint whisper.
la, la, la, la i love unicorns
why arent you?
we pull the brake and side up. i crash. i know what the hell im doing.
disclosure of secure information can result in imprisonment.
well settle there.
theyll trust me.
who are you talkin to up there, genghis?
not quite. metropolis p.d. keeps blueprints on the highsecurity buildings in the city so i know this place better than the architect.
then why are you here?
and you believe that?
i did not take an oath.
just hear me out clearly.
did you see anything?
i knew it was you, its always you.
do you remember, what happened with puja?
but tape shouldnt be telecast.
thats supposed to make me feel better?
but youre good at math, right?
how far out of arklow is 777? seven and a half miles.
uh, im sorry, because now that im looking at it from a distance...
looking forward to christmas?
come on, buddy, give me a break.
the kent farm?
hey, what do you say tomorrow you and i hit the arcade?
slide your blackberrys up.
i know i shouldnt have lied.
jacob really, is just like an old story.
anyone who has you for a brother will cry forever
of course im gonna play it.
i had to come back. i had to come back.
okay. thanks, christian.
after i left, i hiked north.
how can i not believe you?
i knew the answer before they had even asked it. britain.
back in the 50s, the u.s. government tested h bombs in the south pacific.
then thats not the right top.
dude, thats celery.
is there a phantom rat or is there not?
that we, a group of strangers, survived.
so you want me to let someone else follow you into your fantasy?
nine millimetres? the guns?
your planning, guessing, and strategy is good.
i like this one.
so that i could save yours.
you had a chance to talk with her.
i will have to remember that.
you gotta come get me.
right. okay. i got it.
i did leave you behind.
they were going to make bob chief.
i want another shot at it.
who goes around with cash nowadays?
please, just give me the vitamins.
yeah, a couple jars.
i watched him die.
thats not likely. i dont get sick.
you told them?
why do you keep calling me eh?
one to crossroads.
theyre in the den.
i found it.
why? you some kind of war junkie?
empires arent built on clever bookkeeping.
i understood everything, i understood everything.
when the smoke enters your body..
narnias better off without the lot of you.
like i dont know who you are and what you can do.
youre probably right.
how do you do that?
it is martin, isnt it?
how about you?
ill tell you why were here.
what about the torch and all your friends?
quick, pretend we werent watching.
let me go!
get away from her!
well, it doesnt.
..this story shows that the path of allah is that of love..
jack not back yet?
mr. milich. just to let you know that i really am dr. harford...
away? what do you mean?
..extensive research has been conducted in the past few days.
the man who shot you?
if we beat clu there, we have a chance.
im on your flight.
parcher were closing in on the bomb... ,in large part due to your work,
i thought was long extinguished.
who was it, ali?
kate, how did they die?
with the wolves in this, its an easy win.
im sorry. i think im lost. are you from los angeles?
thanks for the update, but i know what im doing.
well, nicolas, maybe we should wait for your mother.
because thats where they come from.
perhaps theyre in the garden.
and because kids keep secrets.
why do i get the feeling
because theyre the best workers?
youre running very bad time.
we are desperate to have you stay.
nothing else is left now.
dostoevsky had his virtues, too.
i know youre into that, dont lie.
he is my bodyguard, sher singh.
hell find us.
hope your table starts shaking... hope your chair breaks to pieces.
theyre small and annoying, and theyre flying up my nose.
you have to bring only these four people, michael.
i tried, but he seems to think were a good match.
let me see what they are doing and then...
its like my heart is a tooth, and its got a cavity that can only be filled with children. im sorry. you are a beautiful woman.
dont you get good cases other than mad men like him?
im good, thank you.
got something to get off your chest?
oh, my god!
where are babys sweet hands?
my phone is...
why were they trying to kill you, anyway?
for me, they are like 100 dollars my sons pocket money is more than your salary hey stop this nonsense he used to do nonsense.. he wanted to change the education system he wanted to change the world
lt was for the greater good.
youll have to tell her after you two get married.
whats my problem?
the signal has been running on a loop for 16 years, kate.
thats right. you dont do happy.
why dont you turn her over to me?
but who is her brother?
no. no, she left that part out.
aint that just like a woman?
kill it. dispose of it.
harry told me about poor sibyl.
is that a no?
you think you can convince them we were in a boat wreck?
okay, i did not wreck it
bye, see you, honey.
what do you mean?
ill need your hands for this.
ladies, where exactly are we going?
see you later, jack.
thats a good idea, joe, because he will never come back home now.
you, fall in!
oh, so thats why you were so happy, you ingrate?
but maybe only 1 0 minutes.
how can i mistake?
we have to switch off drilling.
came back from where no one escapes i told you id find madam.
ohh ho mama you forgot...its a dream!
recollect the scene.
where do you think?
last time we didnt have to wait this long.
let me see you open your eyes.
loud and clear, lieutenant. if shes comin, i have a frontrow seat.
and youre trying to search for that three year old shadow.
you just seem a bit cavalier,
dont you miss bauji?
books sir books!
you wont need that, either.
the first one who laughs will regret it for life. ok?
thats not how she raised us.
i fear no evil, for thou art with me.
no ones ever stuck with me for so long before.
rancho tells a very simple thing..
lets just say its a subject we would rather not have anyone explore.
youll hurt his feelings.
weve got a broken play. can you follow lonnie?
what are we doing here, eloise?
if you get on, if you do this...
if pinocchio became real and i become real, can i come home?
please, or youll break everyones heart.
gordy is gone, man. ill be outside.
i want the truth.
actually, im just visiting.
but that doesnt make it any easier.
i came as a favor to victoria.
i fell asleep before the movie even started between my mom and dad.
well, you got a point there.
l guess you changed his bedpan last night.  nobody else heres gonna do it.
all of you have to go back.
then use her to get close again.
medical college girls hostel. in a lift.
its my responsibility to bring them back.
i cant reach her.  you hold on!
i see how this is gonna go.
kates gonna go with you.
this is the last time youll ever see me.
relax, its just a leak.
well, im taking the afternoon off, so i guess were closing early.
cole we didnt snatch you up because you were a terrorist, sayid.
how old is your dog?
the third time, ill give them to you.
im here, charles, to tell you that im going to kill your daughter.
what else am i gonna do?
youre having a bad month.
same rules that i did.
its the only way to save dory!
clark kent leaps tall theories in a single bound. how did you arrive at this one?
alice, whatd you see?  the decisions been made.
well go and wait in the library for lex to officially blow us off.
you wanna go hunting?
everyone would call him by this name.
i dont care if youre talking about a spot weld on a class 3 rip track, or ground operations in afghanistan.
tina, youre not unpopular.
i just threw them up.
we all do.
theyre not all true.
the guys a hostile.
come on, sit up. sit up, leese.
trevor, i dont understand what the fuck you are talking about.
its its mona, right?
who got the news?
theyre trying to draw us out.
youre still at santa rosa, man.
by the way, what were you saying..
where are we going?
get your hands off me!
shell listen to me.
i think maybe you better call my lawyer okay...?
just take it easy, okay?
i dont know about you, but im tired of waiting.
youre not the first correctional worker that fell for a con, trust me.
how many are here?
kalpana rescued them.
well, we had to let skinner and the health inspector loose, and of course they ratted us out.
isnt that when we finish?
cant even speak english.
so why dont you tell me who the hell you are.
dr. faisal rehman is a liar.
do what i say.
when i came last night with flowers i heard miss. pinto..
these guys dont look like theyre just gonna let you go.
yeah, well, a miracle happened to all of us, walt.
how did it happen?
look at us.
sounded like an animal that got trapped.
and we will find him.
itll just ruin our lives.
hey, clark, football game on tv. you want to watch it with me?
are you all right, sir?
thats what theyre saying.
did you see or hear...
i mean that...that it offended you..!
find out whos in there.
arrange marriage with your bosss daughter?
papa, at least talk to me once.
..was actually a conspiracy against me.
head partner couldnt crack it.
thanks, i guess.
the moist air from the river along the east wall helps keep me, you know... clear.
people are absent and stones talk.
you were fighting to save these treacherous people?
hold him down.
i promised jin that i wouldnt bring her back.
sixty bucks and you gotta deal.
if i was a dog, theyd call me dog, not donkey!
and this is starting to excite me.
sandrat huh? you know your way around the lake?
usually we come out at night, so birds dont carry us off!
someone from a halfremembered dream.
it was an emergency sir..please please examiner looked at us like we asked for both his kidneys!
i just want talk to him.
on this golden occasion, i can recollect a shlok, listen listen..now hell explain his farting stength in sanskrit uthamam dadadatu paadham  give out excellent fart  paadham?
i want to give the book, here.
prior to our arrival on scene, patient apparently doused his head, neck and face with some sort of highly concentrated acid!
going anywhere special?
we hoofed around the entire perimeter, man.
you got nothing i need.
it doesnt matter.
well, it appears you have cleared our background check,
you wasted a trip.
somebody made this film.
i warned this council when it put its trust in lord miraz there would be consequences.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
where you goin? !
do me a favour.
only one thing, he wants to meet with you directly.
here comes dr. giggles.
well, then, what is the reason, mr. eko?
keep your station clear, or i will kill you!
theres no good in keeping secrets, you know. groans buzzer
we risk very little, yet enjoy a position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment.
i hope this is good.
the truth is im convinced that the killer is still here somewhere.
have a good flight.
yeah, thats what i thought.
let anyone create hurdle this engagement will go on as scheduled.
im about to be the first and only guy to find out whodunit.
and, finish. very nice, ladies.
i mean get new books in here, mr. dufresne, if you please.
we blew the door so we could get everyone inside this thing so theyd be safe.
the boys always go fishing with firsttimers.
you got it.
i pulled her out of retirement.  any luck?
please. listen to me, fish.
youre gonna lie to me?
all of them, i watch.
so howd it go?
i know he came with you.
then he just disappeared.
dr. chang and i... dont exactly travel in the same circles.
come at platform number 2.
rod green from marketing. l
but please, dont go.
and you dont forgive her.
it feels so real!
the guy was like a saint.
no, no, no, no.
its gone now.
it is apparently what is causing all the distortions...
i better get back to work.
whats going on here?
i dont need cheering up.
maggie, how could they make that stick?
and miss a chance to get out of the house?
the sooner you learn that, the better.
it was moved up yesterday, and i know how you are with your calendar.
forgive me or punish me, the decision is yours.
i thought id get a job, something parttime.
the pipes beneath our feet, theyre connected to...
i look into the light with new hope
you could pitch in, seeing as how youve already bought your ticket.
thats fine for the papers, but ive got a family to feed.
you heard them.
no brother of mine eats rejectamenta in my town.
it wasnt easy making you admit your feelings for me.
get a lamp for alu.
just to give you an activity.
why didnt she tell me?
but you would have to be an idiot of elephantine proportions not to appreciate this 61 chteau latour.
you wanna take care of this bomb?
whether its organic or the result of those marks, i cant say.
hey, kiddo. girls in recovery.
my friends and family, they think that youre...
well, you know who his father was.
mark this day, date and hour, genius.
i saw a film about the camp, and it looked so nice.
save it for some other girl.  bella.
you completed our family.
how blessed i am, but its hard to believe
the only thing i regret is..
always a pleasure.
alicia, please put the phone down.
by any chance are you saying no?
her names megan.
owh, my bad.
my mother made this dress by hand.
and he is beating you.
sir, why are you calling me, sir?
truth is, i dont want to know.
theres a whole lot more to your friend clark kent than meets the eye.
how many samples have you collected?
a role model to all dancers, and even more than that, a deeply appreciated presence on our stage.
whatre you getting at?
its a problem with no solution.
do you think it will reach?
let me drink.
go back to sleep, walt.
captain rogers will escort you to the unrestricted area, doctor.
maya is not responding to the treatment!
just pick him up and rock him a little bit.
he saved me.  i think we should call a lawyer now.
she was my lifeline when i was inside.
but how lincoln got fasttracked doesnt interest me.
!  get em while theyre hot!
the dog was on the plane, so...
boone thought i should take the afternoon off.
well, he was a professor of literature at the university.
you need to lie down.
please hand that to me.
two feet, one foot...
dont worry, i brought in the best doctors from metropolis.
...youre supposed to wear blindfolds! ...     !
we cannot lose los angeles.
now i have a court order signed by a judge for you to relinquish your blood upon being served these papers
you got flowers!
swell. i guess we can all sue oceanic together.
if that were to happen... then god help us all.
he said i would die.
hey papa come quickly to bed, im already undressed.
it will further your research,show you things youd never dream of.
god sachin played so well...
master crow, perched on a tree...
the two people directly responsible for the safety and security of this project are the obvious suspects if our missions are being compromised.
for being here.
were in a very confined area.
its just a matter of time.
we can end this right now.
... madeoutto youknowwho.
save me. pull me up. pull harder.
oh my god  you poor girl...
i need to tell him?
do you need some help with those?
fortunately, though, for you this guard, who is twothirds to a retard has miraculously clung to life.
if she doesnt get off this island in three weeks, she will die.
the blood drips.
any special room?
i should always think and talk about only you.
maybe i should stop using my gifts. that would solve our problems.
hes been very sweet, since childhood.
ranvir, first lets get out of here.
its too bad.
when police sent me to asylum considering me mad id to flee to prove myself innocence.
in the college you said you didnt believe in destiny.
what i mean is...
that trunk yours...?
i cant have you around my baby.
under every scar
yes, mr. berty.
but you havent heard the best part.
take this scum!
hes not sick. someone did this.
i can shift mine to 430 at station b.
no sir... ill kill you  lll go.
sentence to be carried out immediately.
its what separates us from safe!
mba is a tough job naina!
not middle, this film started with our prayers, did you hear this?
your substitute teacher, miss navarrin, has fallen ill.
you killed my daughter!
why would anyone kill him?
if he runs out with it, shoot him.
nothing so far, but i made contact.
something or someone did.
what do i want?
what were you gonna do, clark?
its kind of like the way i feel around meteor fragments.
we sitting near the marinna for chrissake...
he probably calls every girl that.
toffee and cream.
why in gods name would i wanna go back there?
in our world, she could change everything.
better just smile then, nice and big.
s.r. moves pingpong table again.
i know the feeling.
we gotta get to the portal.
dont call on phone, do your work.
yeah, whats wrong with that?
i thought, you know, i could build it.
i trusted him.
they have rooms here.
well, your son is the rightful owner of this restaurant! well, your son is the rightful owner of this restaurant!
my husband doesnt know. he has a bad temper.
put it, put it down.
so this is it? its just us?
i know i cant return before meeting the president.
and once i believed, that the creator finds...
storytimes over....the end!
im sorry, i didnt mean to
i been twelve for a very long time...
gonna have to trust him, because hes my cell mate.
you believe in god, right?
but how does he control the water?
all those years i thought you loved me.
excellent work, franois, as usual.
if you uttered another word..
if i dont walk out with that briefcase in two minutes, were both dead.
would sheve done it if she were our blood.
ive got tone.
your ass is awesome.
and trust me, when they do, we had better be far away from here.
amy, wheres your mom?
and for you to insinuate that he would abandon his parental responsibilities at a delicate time in my personal development is an affront to my sense...
butter dosa doesnt mean you should stuff with it, roast dosa to golden brown, add little butter, thats enough.
amy palmer was type o.
we get pinched, remember whose idea this was, okay?
to make things right.
i guess you just forgot to mention that you still have a sailboat.
go? my friend is coming if not ill take you to task.
i will always... be that dorian.
by organising the ageold tradition of swayamvar..
i wish to speak to him alone.
ive found a nice spot not far away, so ill be able to visit often.
the baby took a long time.
you dont understand.
you killed him.
then ill go to the nearest beach and start a signal fire with these.
its all gone.
and you forgot to mention the really cute part.
dory! dory a sea monkey has my money.
yesterday you brought along someone to kill me.
fight, fight, fight...
speaking of which, i hear youve got a battle of your own on your hands.
you know why?
forbid yourself nothing.
what is important, desmond, is what im about to say to you.
you look really happy.
i probably would have gone around mount vesuvius.
i just wanna know why. what happened?
we need to cut a fire break right here. form a bucket line.
look dad, she wants me to work day and night.
how much for this book?
i got property there.
i dont know, dude.
okay. thats fine.
and a sons happiness is in his mothers laughter... her smile... something that he isnt able to see.
glad youre ok, man.
is that what you call what happened at the club?
only few look beautiful while sleeping and crying.
anything is possible, if you just believe.
shes not a good person, lana.
i assume the same thing you are.
i saw but couldnt see fully.
is my dad... is he back on the island?
theyre sharpshooters, michael.
it was 45 minutes.
excuse me, miss.
but if you agree, ive an idea.
oh, my god! bill.
call out my name.
this whole family is mad.
lm so sorry.
whats to stop him from doing exactly that once we give him his cut from 04?
jack, please, you know how he gets. he doesnt...
his symptoms indicate a severe anaphylactic shock.
just 20 miles south, actually ive never really left.
people around here dont have a whole lot to do besides time and talk.
absolutely. were counting on you.
what kind of guy do you think i am?
let me think about it.
lm in your office.
in case i dont see you again.
you heard the man. translate.
i said, stop.
...20   everything you know...  we were just messing around. what are you so weirdedout about?
warden wants to talk.
well, youre supposed to be the best private security firm in metropolis.
and talk about
just go home and dry off.
open his mouth.
take zane and laura with you, i dont want them anywhere near them.
i dont remember this gate being here before
thats all it is.
this is the way it happens.
you dont need one because youre not going with me.
no souls here. all are gone.
and i wish that thered been someone to vote no for me.
its a big day tomorrow.
get your boots off.
theyre looking for us.
but i want you to eat something more than those shake things, all right?
john also has a passion for folk music.
and there are 10 to the tvelfth trees on pandora.
..just give me one chance, please.
well find out, you know. sooner or later.
me and aj and owen used to go to the games just to watch him play.
bernards a dentist no, i want it to be kate.
hey these all our news if i dont tell it to my son, to whom will i say?
what do you think, clark?
you got it. officer... this is my collar, smart guy. back the hell off.
and youre more lost than you ever were.
you know, if we wanted to, we could do this.
just like the rest of them.
maybe no one else has to die.
correct, thats why im also known as mental naik.
thank you. i was just going to do that myself.
and then you disappeared for three years.
somebody always has some complains.
what else is it ifnot ego dad?
were not supposed to be in 334.
happens every time.
i was just joking.
what its like to have to hide so people wont think youre a freak.
if nothing was taken, how do they know they were robbed?
ive never seen this jungle.
he said that he was from the future.
its so you can calm down or for when youre seeing things... that arent supposed to be there.
donkey, stop with the singing, will you?
what good have they done me so far?
i know what this needs! saffron!
we cant do it!
and touch your thumb to your fingers.
not for me, but for someone else.
or i wont.
like the security system that eats people?
ooh! his mother.
its my fault he took her. i was responsible.
where are the kids, nathan?
listen, there, uh... theres been a restructuring.
till tomorrow morning it will play with me like a kid playing with ball.
okay. turn. were almost there.
every product from hairpin to plane must be from my company in your country, youll get 20 cut.
i didnt say a word, sir.
sleeping calms the mind and provides rest to the body.
id watch out if i were you.
speak his language.
screaming  help me!
string him up like a scarecrow.
i wanna go again.
which, im guessing, is why youre here, michael.
what happened, darling?
there she is!
when the crew is disoriented by their lack of communication, youll take out the engines, too.
oh. well, look at the bright side...
gentlemen, this is it.
give him a tour of our home in english.
if you dont mind, i will begin at the beginning.
those last few days of the legion,
how about expanding the library. get some new books.
sometimes you dont have a choice.
still engaged to that guy?
come if youve the guts. ill dance and woo everyone.
your son will be with me in calcutta, im giving you a months time, finish it.
satellite pharmacy... daniel faraday?
my bus doesnt leave for an hour.
call metropolis p.d.
we got to turn him in.
till i met a certain immortal.
i didnt fix you.
dont be an idiot.
this is scripture written here.
i want you to know whatever happens in the next few days im still your friend, and thats never gonna change.
what he took from us is not money, ourhonou
hes consorting with it.
sorry i took so long. someone overflowed the bathroom.
daruwala, you said the girl knows their address.
let it go, sir.
weve been trying to hail security for the cash room.
how did you get here?
that definitely gives her an edge, not to mention that shes really hot.
what were you and mrs. meacham just talking about?
she was from brooklyn, new york.
as it turned out, tommy had himself a young wife and a new baby girl.
whats that mean?
no. we need to make lots of money fast.
rahul rajesh rohan raj is crying.
that is your father painted green.
and the year before that.
its just a kiddie.
everybody just needs to calm down, okay?
washer, dryer. fresh linens, a wellstocked fridge.
how does one do that?
so, veer hasnt left.
taking the boarding pass.
so fiona waited in a tower, guarded by a dragon, until the day when her true love would arrive.
this is federal land, remember? and, uh, as for your little toy here, its contraband.
theres a fucking rocket in him, sir!
i kissed bella.
were in a jungle. no saree shops
hes your son.
thats your grandfather. salute him.
the book. they said you found it in their luggage.
hold the door! hold the door!
the tv, sucks, but the director loves it, so... you know
whens the last time you went in to see him?
hes a toy.
yeah, dont worry about it.
this is very strange, i heard about stay orders on buildings and businesses.
are you here for the ad shoot?
we are so busted.
she said shell lift you by ears and check you.
virginal girl, pure and sweet, trapped in the body of a swan.
i pulled the plants safety records. i checked with osha and the epa.
i not only understood it, i was grateful for it.
then dont go mama!
may i help you?
full to the brim with sticktotheroofofyourmouth, oh, god, it makes you want a glass of milk, extra smooth...
for others among you it will take you the term of your natural lives.
you study chemistry or something?
three, two, one, go!
did you hear me?
no. im just asking.
i see. then why are you slumming it?
teddy, this is david.
its when you run all the steps in every section of the stadium up and down.
sol this is it?
we dont know yet. ive arranged to exhume one of the other victims bodies to see if we can get a tissue sample to match the girls.
im telling you, we need fresh blood.
shake hands, come on.
i just came by to apologize.
did you see it?
our parents married when i was 10, she was 8.
theres nothing out there, pal.
its... its okay. its okay.
why were you yelling?
ive gotta go reserve my limo for the spring formal.
yeah, i think hell be all right.
im gonna hide you out there.
the swan was to study electromagnetism.
how did you find me?
bergen and malloy want to see you upstairs immediately.
theyre behind you!
that means a better job.
not the way i planned it but for the first time in my life, im leaving this city.
you were the first one to respond to lincolns apartment the night of the murder, right?
this was a last stand.
brother..here in shimla..is there any ranchhodas chhanchad?
pushing a button?
how about shutting up, terrence?
you say a word...
theyll see you.
you all want to go?
that must have been fun.
im the queen of england.
get up. lets go.
the rest of us arent gonna have enough to do.
its been a long time since weve done this.
a beautiful cover, we all love her.
no, it isnt, its here!
and if i see you or him again?
you know, it went with the beat.
which way do we go?
these are strange circumstances. god knows why.
100 miles of fiber, yeah.
as good as that.
how did you get into my place?
he came just now.
stop it now!
shes an angel.
when did you get in?
i had a little, you know, runin with a car.
i wasnt trying to hurt him.
im not all right!
im never gonna run right.
whats up, lex?
that youre the boat captain.
dearest harry, you taught me that life must burn with a hard flame.
no way, man!
you brought 23.
hes seen the hole.
what was that for?
nice to know smallville was whacked before the meteors.
im not inviting you, im inviting kate.
look, i really appreciate everything youve done, okay?
no need of sorry. i must thank you.
something that only steve knew.
... aboutwhatyouhaveseen ...
no, no, no!
let me ask you something.
meaning she too..
you understand what this could mean.
i love you, too.
i hate whats happening to us.
you wont help us with the new bitch, you dont do a fucking thing i tell you and you take us way the fuck of course!
oh my loved my beloved.
being... on the same plane.
..well be the unfortunate ones.
just had a case of jitters, didnt you?
so thats why our camp is gone? because the island is moving through time?
you might never have even dreamt or thought of such things.
as we head over the river and through the woods...
and you know.. hes coming home.
you know.. he is very unpredictable.
im all the help you need.
our job is to investigate these events from every possible angles...
whats it to you?
i dont think so.
im not summoning anybody.
i of course googled a qswitched laser and found that they in fact do remove tattoos.
we need someone for this institution that shares the common vision.
no its not.
then he had the nerve to tell me that it wasnt personal, just business.
where is your brother?
sawyer has it.
you are leaving, have dinner.
i wanna cover more ground before we gotta camp tonight.
it was eyesonly. topsecret, part of the military effort.
it couldnt be, camembert is runny and it stinks!
perhaps we should retire to my private lounge.
i just got a new 1. 5 million pound research grant.
yeah, so am i.
my husband often comes here!
twisting, turning, tossing, thinking
tillu, how much should i charge him?
regrettably, no one knew we changed course.
..but now, its to woo jasmine.
but you know whos really good at it?
youre next, bro.
and hes the one they pinned it on.
yeah, same thing.
draw me a map.
just give me some time and i can match whatever falzones paying you.
you made a mistake. i dont care whether they called you, you made a mistake.
some other reason youre in here, besides holding up a bank?
ill miss you, john.
i dont want to think of mr. gilardi in motion of any kind.
um, that thing with the spikes.
i met you about sanjay singhania.
in few days itll become hundreds.
did you hear the first boom?
i was wrong to jump on you about the pictures.
perhaps he wanted to go camping.
im not sure yet. i go with you. no, no.
im in the wild.
dont know anything yet.
..he stayed at their house.
..but there is one man always with him.
and yet, jack said itd be at least four weeks.
lower your gun,and well talk.
..save my physics..i shall send one litre milk everyday!
do you want to get married... or not?
..wouldnt address pindari chief hyder ali by just his name.
weve known that for a while.
how do you feel?
pretty much in a straight line for about a day and a half.
because i was hosting a reception for 200 fertilizer distributors in metropolis...
oh, and your mothers been very helpful.
fine, ill think about it and give you an answer tomorrow.
the coffin? i have a friend looking after it.
hes been really helpful.
..to find out the banks name.
and how do you know my name anyway?
but the point is, i mean, can we do it in three days?
you are disgusting.
its more familyrelated.
good morning, doctor.
it wasnt her. someone is messing with us.
better take a deep breath ...
and hell, im an optimist.
charles widmore wants to exploit this island, and hell do everything in his power to possess it.
now sir..if in ur blood test, the haemoglobin count is less.,.
thats the law.
love among the bleach, right?
hi, chloe. well, ill see you later.
then i saw charlie.
no one. well... 134 then.
we could warn them, stop them from ever flying to that boat.
marlin.  no, really.
and adopt american democracy?
or i cant assure you that he doesnt drink.
just look at her!
the eagle came and tried to take the dog.
he got down at a station to buy books..
i dont think so.
thats some bullshit.
daddy is here!
totally off the record.
your guru is no innocent man, he too is a cheat.
all ive ever wanted to be was a soldier, like my father.
did i merit a mention?
and once youve delivered, you can go back to your friends and hopefully youll stay that way.
shes here, shes here.
why dont we have a seat and talk it over.
god damn, you put some magic in this thing.
you dont show up for rehearsal. weve got a show in an hour.
but then you always were older than your years, werent you, sayid?
and what does that make you?
well, you being here.
take your brother in the kitchen. theres someone here who wants to see john.
ive grown quite fond of you.
because its nothing.
what you are.
many have tried to kill me. with sticks, bullets and bombs
mike,you really should pay attention in the briefings.
hes going to adopt you.
get on your fuckin knees!
but nothing ever stuck, not a single damn one.
the only person who controls your destiny is you.
whitney, theyre bad news.
so the next day, buster craps out a buck thirtyfive in nickels.
but you must go.
its the best chance we have.
well... sometimes i color inside the lines.
hey, what is the matter with you, sawyer?
but candy is candy.
is my wife in the air?
um, why do you need sayid?
those bullets are just bouncing off that windshield!
dont know anything about you.
kitt,were you able to identify the men in the vault room?
l was just coming to see...
its all set to go.
are you mad?
ill change my whole fucking life for you.
i told you, jedidiah!
youre a disgrace to your skin, you know that?
its so buoyant, it actually floats!
you brought me a desperate man and a tall tale.
hey, theres a black hawk down.
aaron was a great man.
whats happening here?
can i have a minute, please?
now get out of my way!
our father is off fighting in the war.
whys she always staring at me?
would you like to keep anything in the safe?
how do we even know your freezing tricks doing anything?
hector...stalking the prey...
dude, dude, im starving.
and understand something else.
police stations about one klick northwest of here.
what? i cant take this sub...  oh, i think you can.
yeah, youre in a bunk bed.
but you want me to keep quiet?
hey, whitney, back pass.
then dont go!
promise me youll stand by andrew.
what brings you out here?
cram into every possible space.
you see whats behind you?
you think i can pull this off?
what the fuck are you laughing at?
detective joe west killed your brother.
i cant do it!
for a clownfish, hes not that funny.
this is bad. really bad. i never wouldve done it
what kept you? car not fast enough?
lets just see whats gonna happen.
oh lord this young man oh my lord
please say it you are my soniya
go, go! right, maddox, right!
yourself marks are consistenly poor.. any particular reason?
if you ate a healthy diet,decreased your alcohol intake,
everythings gonna get back to normal.
okay. then you gotta put the green ones
food, glorious food...
just read the report. this cannot possibly be the same man.
will you read to me?
that is why they call the end of the world manhattan.
i also thought this might be a good time to talk about our problem.
mom, if you could see anything, what would you do?
thats why the plane crashed, my friends died...
i dont know of any keys
you know that?
even thats not in the report also sir, these engineers are so back minded sir didnt even invent some machine, that could really behold the pressure over here... if they had does, couldve come to know this is not a suicide, its a murder,
i dont love jenny.
lets both vow at this moment that well never love each other less
imprinting on someone is like...
oy, my god!
i made it with my own pretty little hands.
i cant recall ever having put him to that precise test.
you need to get some blood pumping.
ill miss you guys!
you didnt come to tell me about jack, did you?
think about this, chavez.
so, this is, like, your house?
why did you do that? !
but first i got to be successful.
how can we lose this opportunity..
my entire family?
where is the wash room its upstairs.
..and what is his message about continues to remain a mystery.
its me, clark. are you all right?
i assume you dont mean through the pool.
ran off years ago.
the old man used to call this his serious tie.
why the hell didnt you go with him?
take it easy, im only trying to help.
your mama did. ill cook her right up.
how you holding up?
its not that bad.
do you know what this could mean?
that is great! i know.
he hasnt begun acting and all these fools have already taken him for sanjay singhania?
just like you know weve been lying all this time about where we were and what happened to us there.
she wouldnt stop shaking the bag.  poor chuckles.
i got the rocks.
theyre just projections.
major. can i borrow that?
id rather play cards.
that explains the gravity shifts.
in the white house! look at this!
i cant believe its been a year.
his body has been recovered from the boot of his car..
..that hes dropped in uninvited?
how will i face nell, knowing my son is videotaping her niece?
where are they?
why, where are you going?
well, theyre not really binoculars exactly.
something you need there, rug head?
im tired of this.
were gonna get out of here, right now.
dont tell me what to do!
in the sickbay?
i could have killed myself for taking him on that ride.
maybe you arent trying hard enough?
i told you. no way would he betray me.
how is your skin?
is anybody else bothered by atticus hypocrisy at the end of the novel?
yeah, actually theres one on the floor if you want it.
well, even if he does, i mean, hes just gotta get used to the fact that life changes and sometimes things happen.
you worry about the french. ill take care of the math.
ive been on my own since i was 16 and i forgot what it felt like to have people love you and make you breakfast and say, hey!
a clear, crisp, delicious glass of agua purificada?
but we need to get in touch with jack now! we can call him.
if he hits 377 miles per hour, the fire will be neutralized.
thats been relegated to folklore in scientific circles.
and that too on a soft and smooth road.
join us, oh great and noble flaming one!
passed 11 other horses just to get to this one.
pardon me maam, but we received some complaints about noise.
im sure theres been a mistake.
he goes by the name of ishmael bakir.
jenny slapped on one cheek.
i have to know if what you told dufresne was the truth.
im not gonna let this spoil a fantastic day, and neither should you. ill get done here, and well have a nice lunch and go shoot some birds.
friends car, i came to the station to pick him up, suddenly he came asked if i can ply to madras, you were next to him, you were in tears, i felt you were in trouble so i came with you,
wheres the chopper?
so what happened?
what if you just told her...?
the one on the report? phelan?
please dont die.
im vicepresident of rockledge corporation!
slow it down!
bring it, you motherfucker!
is the key to my returning to my world.
you best speak with respect, fish.
can you please tell us whats going on?
yes. john. i know her.
its just too valuable.
near the book stall in yellow dress.
shes my sister!
put some sense into this crazy mans head
if you listen to him, youll go mad. get four beers.
theres bigger things to worry about at the moment.
you just slipped through the cracks.
he wont do it.
youre three weeks postop.
ramona, why is my desk on the lawn?
its like really bad jet lag.
by and large, most junkies with criminal records dont shine on the stand.
what were doing, chasing some phantom distress signal, what are the odds of this working?
of course, i have...
youre getting yourself involved in something that goes back many, many years.
what the hell do you think youre doing?
no bastard will erase it
i cant believe clarks been blinded by the fridaynight lights.
i know. its just...
hes interested in buying your land.
in 1966 andy dufresne escaped from shawshank prison.
dont let them kill me!
yes. just pasted all over the box.
or do i have to sit on your head again?
who was this someone?
hand it over.
the sun already?
that was pretty impressive.
shut up anjali!
taha akis third wife could see that he would lose.
he stole my keys.  sorry?
evening. sorry about the trouble. we got a faulty line about a mile down the road.
why are you leaving me on road?
im just saying its dangerous.
im not going anywhere without you.
now devika is yours.
sayid, howd you get back?
ill take care of my own business with my own tools.
there goes the girl who stole my heart.
okay, marriage is the condition for you to change me yourself, right?
i have not yet received an answer to last months...
um, i dont... i dont think thats a good idea. its just holding a mirror.
take a seat. let me take a look at it.
look, i can get michelle. we can carry him on.
youre doing it all wrong!
ive got another investor whos committed.
16 and 23 with the mega number 42.
look, gru, the point is, there are a lot of new villains out there, younger than you, hungrier than you, younger than you.
the rest of our people are already there. if you leave now, you can get there in a day and a half.
you wanna eat?
not a little jerk too. really!
trying to find out the truth.
lsnt there any other way?
hey, you been hanging out with aria?
you really wanna mess with this lowlevel shit?
i am a figment of your imagination.
its not a raft. they built a sodding boat.
you run around like a nutball.
hey, where are you going?
nobody will come in front. move!
hey, hows your ankle?
way out there. fishing, i think.
by the president of the united states.
what happens after the sun sets?
were not sure if thats the owner of the car.
disappeared after departing sydney, australia, on september 22nd, 2004...
its no free ride... ..but rather a genuine progressive advance in corrections and rehabilitation.
are you familiar with the socalled xfiles?
they obviously know how to work the box.
well, maybe we are.
it is known as the mysterious art of enfleurage.
looks like youve been trapped!
not 3 days, ill not show up in 6 days, im going to bombay.
turn your radios down.
most people arent looking for more loans.
what exactly are we going to do now?
what have you done?
she left me, too.
copy, get out of there.
your father didnt want any programs slipping out accidentally, did he?
i promise im not packing heat.
if hes stays for two days, hell take life also.
his name is jason mccormack.
i know what i want.
are you ok?
the day you left her, she was pregnant.
something about the stars.
you see, whats he looking at?
was it true,what he said?
youre no match for him
you didnt hear me?
no. theres money in there.
and who might you be?
no problem. ill drive him away again.
the will tell you the story later.
the way the tumour is situated on the spine, its not possible to remove it.
mama will kill you if she gets to know...
gusteau says its excellent.
why have any doubt? already settled here.
dont beat me mother.
ready or not, here i come!
and with your talks and laughter..
its a week, the first level down.
sayid was republican guard. he knows things.
there is sir, i cant tell my mother also what im doing now.
narsings sister is very lovely.
only orga believe what cannot be seen.
currently were right on schedule,
promise me that youll never compromise with the selfrespect of our family.
ill not marry him.  tell that to your brother.
thats a hell of a way to treat your son.
free at last, huh?
well, arent there some chemicals or something we can use?
there is something down there.
when someone makes a fist so tight they dig their nails a quarter of an inch into their palms, they probably werent dreaming about riding ponies.
the people who gave me this.
that will explain everything.
i will never lie to you again.
the guy obviously needed a longer vacation.
left flank, on the roof!
i need your boat.
hes practically human.
listen, lets just say for one second...
run away, its a free advise, take it or leave it genuine itallian leather hand stiched,
why would i interrogate you, john?
its been going on for a while.
then whats the big deal in naming him aladin?
a false negative in the first week, maybe, but a positive is a positive.
our fearless leaders out blowing up trees.
aliens bad for homeland, but good for business.
and ive no intention of doing so.
as i was trying to tell you,i cooled my heat signature to ambient air temperature.
what are we going to do?
theyre with me.
someone has killed 4 members of rasools gang.
well, you can make your own fun.
i need a computer.
sir, machiraju took my daughter to some place.
then im going to hurt you.
did it come all of a sudden?
the legion of honor ceremony.
yeah, whats that?
you like being tied up?
baby, you know i cant get pregnant till im married.
hold my fin.
you guys have a good one.
why dont you put a cork...
i run a business.
to help everyone that we left behind.
he kissed me.
and tomorrow you cant go there without me.
could be bad weather or good weather.
hey, i dont need this!
gonna be okay?
in love with you?
no, it has been postponed.
give me a chance to get to know him a little better.
abruzzis a huge leap of faith, michael.
im gone ten minutes and youre having a hootenanny?
wonder where these people come from. lm trying to tell you the place...
came to my house this week  shh.
a man followed our men, when they went with cash, he followed them.
you have five seconds to decide.
what? no, no, no.
now, ill admit, at first i thought it was funny.
what about the wing thats being renovated?
where is the bathroom?
a month ago, we found 18 members of an army battalion right here in our jungle here, setting up this camp.
ask him to come down with rs.5000.
if he refuses to save himself, then i will.
jack,well be right back.
there has to be more people out there.
i dont know why you just wont admit it.
no, wait, no. blue infinity.
thats all from the newsdesk.
i ended up looking pretty stupid.
so what happened to the rest of them?
ill pull you out of that 1 bunk hilton and cast you down with the sodomites.
no, i was alone everyone else went home.
we smoked it to the filter, right?
i thought he was asleep, but hes not.
this is why they came.
can you hear them?
nells planning this party like a royal wedding.
whos benjamin linus?
you doing drugs?
increasingly, he became aware that his phenomenal sense of smell... was a gift that had been give to him... and him alone.
leaving your profession, are you joining a goon gang?
she was just here...  cindy! cindy!
my son got ruined for being his friend.
guess i shouldve listened to you.
now, why do you assume were old friends?
i heard you were trying to send out a distress call?
oh, dont worry.
sorry about the restraints,
howd them fellers find the bank, anyway?
and when he barks, you jump.
not here. shes in metropolis until tonight.
because she.. she needs both of us.
what present should i give you?
its discharge. my body is just fighting an infection around the stitches.
im wondering if we can do a cursory medical exam on peggy.
hey, emile. emile.
go back to where we met!
i have never felt so alive.
crossreference her with the men from the consulate last night.
your editor promised you your own column if you land me.
go down to the beach and get help!
hes interfering in her life.
dev doesnt know im here
its what we have to go forward here.
the one you were saving?
give me something to sign, and ill sign it,
but here it is again in sturgis, south dakota.
the preliminary boarding announcement for ajira airways flight 316,
i keep breaking my promise.
our ticket out of here.
enjoying your drink?
all you bitches go gammy! lets take it to the bridge!
your own greed did.
yeah, man, you got the route?
now im clear
where has bhaiiya gone?
get us out of here!
but we need to talk.
she plays and hunts her prey.
id get killed if i did.
let me show you the true power of the lamp.
and whatever they came for, it isnt us.
on the side of the house, but i can get it.
for your swayamvar.
when i become a rock star, just see if i let you be in my group!
martins been home a month.
im in charge!
that wed grow old together.
i know you know what she saw.
just let the meter run.
so im gonna speak slowly, clearly,
to the main post!
well, he should have picked better horses.
i wish i could tell you about jake.
ok, but how does he...
eko is very upset, john.
show us what youve got.
so did you get your calls made?
gentlemen, i understand.
we are artist, pirate. more than cooks are we.
you are the eldest and you understand better...
i have to.
thought id find you here.
you pushed and you pushed and you pushed.
theyve already been warned.
go, go, go.
well, well, well. what do we got here?
no more discussions, vishal!
not intentionally, but the wolves have no control.
i was just wondering if anyone knew his name.
and i buried her yesterday.
if you dont mind, ive got a lot of work to do around here.
take this, all right?
and that guy keeps mumbling shes dangerous, over and over.
theres a dharma station below us, and im looking for a way to get in.
one thank you will suffice, im sure.
you climb it.
just take it. why would i talk to them?
karen and me, we can get you help.
so where is it?
i wasnt running away from anyone.
..and tortured mercilessly.
who is he?
you see the tang stamp?
if you try and stop me, ill be in front of an auditorium full of people...
youre the architect.
some bastard erased it
oh, god. room service. breakfast for the happy couple.
itll bring those men back quicker than bloodhounds will.
yall better learn to be team players.
have you told lana yet?
dont worry, lex, you have a few years.
how far away is it? 1206, were not exactly sure.
well, dont worry, puddin, your secrets safe with me.
i was a marine.
then we braise him in clarified butter. and then we eat him.
you borrowed money from hibbs?
we all will.
hey, you famous or something?
i plan on being great all by myself.
you got an appointment or something?
have gabriel and jeffrey checked in?
im also a b.e. it.
he respects me, so when i stammer he also stammers as a sign of respect.
you have to measure it first!
we do nothing.
this is my only time to practice, so...
youre going to tell them yourself, okay?
just... not sleepin very well at night, you know?
they are both waitressing, trying to work their way thru college.
did you understand a word?
you let her go!
come on, lets go.
youve got him. just over the next rise.
just take it easy man.  its not easy.
bob and marianne taylor.
we cant stay together.
come on rancho..quickly gooooooo
ill talk to him, and ill find out what he wants.
what, should i not tell her?
security force rangers 4 ranger chalks, under command of capt. steele...
your nose is the only chance i have of tracking down my wife, so stop complaining and start smelling.
i thought she was safe.
i cant believe were up here.
its claires mother.
stay away from her, eric.
do that and ill put all eight inches of this in your ear.
im gonna try somethin.
we dont want him to get sick.
he believes that 815 is still out there somewhere.
im sorry, but we couldnt take a chance.
dont get me wrong.
i cant help it.
i  yeah, ill have one.
...more populated town of stanton. lets go, boys!
you know, the one with the 12 judges... that decide to hand out the wrong form of justice?
look, you and i can still make it.
he may not want to remember.
are you faking the heart attack?
yesterday was priyas wedding in delhi.
his two brothers, his front men mangai and hariya
someone contact the borders?
for you and not for that rahul.
because of beasts like you, girls are afraid to step out of their homes.
take care fo the body.
her likes and dislikes are written in this.
you made me promise.
i need about 30 if youve got them.
it is bangladesh.
hes telling everyone at the beach that weve got one of em.
bye, lana.  bye.
charlie said you left town. yeah.
one things for sure, mom always wanted to be a mom.
itd get back to you.
right, because that would be ridiculous.
well, thats too bad.
side radar doesnt see a thing.
enough to bring him down.
that is utterly absurd.
but shes better, so...
...just like the assholes
hes still a roman.
be quiet or youll scare him.
my children, lily, bily..
can you recognize him?
what was toby even doing in the girls locker room?
yeah, ive got lots of family photos.
so? should i make him sit on my head? do you know the population oflndia?
just shut up, asshole.
..and thats why she has brought you here.
..and rescued your from sajid don.
lex is my friend.
its me, mrs. kent.
can i ask you something?
i didnt do anything.
so im guessing you running around a twister.
i really will.
but there is a solution.
i dont know, miles.
is that all you want to know?
im fine. but he wont be.
if you bleed so much, you cant live even with jenny.
you didnt tell her?
they are made with love too.
no, no, no....no...
where were you?
and youre not worried?
here 5 rupees... keep change wow sir u gave me tip even ill give u a tip today night.... wear underwear which doesnt have hole!
the girl theyre trying to make you believe you are?
laughs no, no, no.
he should by now.
how is this in any way lucky?
so that she doesnt have to go to hospital again and again.
mary, i checked seven floors of this building.
no, just leave it in the back.
this isnt iraq, you know. much more complicated than that.
its a good watch.
oh, your guard at the front gate let me through. hes a great guy.
i think weve company.
lex, you remember dad?
makes bad decisions to upset her family, me.
your breaking like glass.
i know. an explorer.
so... here we are.
the one that i used to kill your fiancee?
he could have escaped... but he came back to help me.
sorry to disappoint you.
because youre dependable.
accept out gift... govind...............!
why didnt you come up to the penthouse?
do not pretend you dont know.
think well ever end up like that?
why do you think i chose you?
more specifically, why you denied it.
i never carried a letter around for 20 years because i couldnt get over my baggage.
sounds like youve met him.
we got to do that again.
the engagements off.
they took my son.
this isnt about boars?
so after you tell her that everythings fine, what then?
hes still going to be a soldier though, isnt he?
enjoy your evening, gentlemen, as i consider your proposal.
parcher im sorry you had to go through all this.
shes just pulling your leg, isnt she?
rome also did that.
listen to this.
could you turn around?
he left because of what happened,
i saved the guys life.
where did you leave me earlier?
sam imprinted on emily.
so, what are you doing this far from the caves?
am i late?
oh, so you do speak english.
beels worked for my father, and then theres chloe sullivan.
its good to see you.
what, uh, what brings you by?
shes right. lets go.
is there a spiritual place where i can meditate?
i will let him make it up to me.
eric, you need help.
pass the word joachim has a little brother.
l repeat, target remains.
you didnt tell me you can drive car.
so hows the party going?
its all right. i think were just waiting in here until the rain stops.
we are caught up here, all because of you.
she was my nanny.
i was going to wear it tonight.
i saw an automobile once when i was a kid but now theyre everywhere.
did you hear me? people are trying to kill us!
it was as clear as day.
to meet again its imperative that youre alive, mister.
every car will hold as many guns and as much ammunition as it can.
why arent they back from the boat yet, jack?
you the guys who called 911?
i want you to find her, tell her im sorry.
why did you sacrifice your life?
yeah, yeah, except for the people who got hurt.
he was a sick old man on a table for seven and a half hours.
how is it possible?
in our deal with the state, we control sentencing.
and then ill be on my merry way.
if he goes your way, you kill him. if he comes this way, ill kill the bastard.
your family took me in when my father went away.
john, weve talked about this.
i know she lost her vision in the meteor shower.
to find the source of the distress code.
wren does she have to know everything?
we need to find hurley and charlie and get out of this jungle.
im not giving it up. ill take a break until you finish law school.
look, bella, we cant be friends anymore.
and he threw it away.
whatre you talking about?
he ties the boatman and tells him where hes heading
ow! no, just pee on it, man! you need to pee...
i can take care of myself. no.
but, yeah, its a good look for you.
we need you both to understand that your father and i...
you walk off and have yourself a nice long giggle.
..and thats been fulfilled today.
arent we going to divyas house?
lets go over and say hello.
just promise me saturday nights gonna be great.
i just want you to know that as soon as we can, were gonna figure out a way to go out and bring him back.
they can take you out of my thoughts
you invited me, remember?
okay, im coming there. you stay there only.
you can still back out, marc.
its all my fault.
all i know is id be a lot more worried if i was sting on that beach.
they got to grow up...
i shouldve never brought him in.
i have to talk to her.
i really hate it here.
im just another con doing his time.
direct hit!  its a hit! squadron leaders, fire at will!
i wont have to give you an injection.
totally love this color. we shouldve stocked up on a few more tubes.
you sure you dont need a pickup?
good sirs, gracious good afternoon to thee and thee and thee.
we were all on that plane.
so how do you feel about her?
do they need to do their homework or something?
every time i get closer to you, something pulls me away.
along with as many of those who left as possible.
im not sure thats the best idea.
i want all the water shut off.
ill be back really soon and ill make you feel all better, ok?
slowly...slowly... ls this the place your mother loves?
secondly, i need clothes with seven colours.
got any idea what it means?
wanna tell me why?
i thought you said the barracks were due south.
all right, put it on.
even perfect at times.
sorry, but i begin my investigation like this.
then do it again.
to teach man kindness and humility.
once it was discovered who they were, they were then transported to honolulu by the u.s. coast guard.
this is no longer a missing persons investigation.
so whyd you turn us around then?
and thats not good for the kids...
.. lets discuss
..by tomorrow evening then youll have to do this for us.
youre about a mile and a half behind.
the other night on the porch, i felt you were trying to tell me something.
lets get the fuck out of here!
u got me rancho i mean mr.wangdu.. totally flowd me.. good one i hope our personal problems are not gonna affect our deal.... hey chatur..over here..here i was just joking yaar.. i knew it from within that youll do something in life!
everyone was fucking.
no matter how bad you want to, no matter how many different ways you try,
somehow, she is equipped to move through universes.
im sorry about what i said at the movie theater.
im gonna kill him.
well, its empty now.
cant do it. whatever happened,happened.
whats he trying to do?
it tore wallace apart.
does the name kevin flynn mean anything to you?
theres this great place down there.
youre willing to risk the entire escape on a guy you dont even know?
hes already dead. this ones on you.
one here on the beach.
you know that?
whats the place between the two?
lets call him a distant relative.
like being a good helper, getting along with your sisters.
he wants what we have.
something must have made him snap.  i think its bob rickman.
shes just being objective. she endorsed the person she thought was most qualified.
you find something?
4080, toilets are good.
its not possible.
everyone used to call him chhote!
you got a spare in the trunk, right?
if he was killed 5 days ago, he had called me from machirajus place the same day, so, he know hes our man,
yes, we should.
lets get him in the van. its out back. where are we taking him?
you may be of great use to me.
claire, no one is going to take this baby away from you.
so were gonna leave him here, right?
why are you here?
never sad, always happy
how long you been here on the island?
india has won the match!
what...? all right, whats going on now?
what you got there, rerun?
wait for us.
where is everything?
so, the others, they didnt show up?
hansen is running the department now, sol
so andy took tommy under his wing.
i lent it to my boyfriend.
who the fuck you think you are?
you fool, when will you learn?
reese, just listen to me.
i guess i really messed that one up.
every decision ive made has been about protecting this island.
you know that, right?
were cleared for the boarding of flight 1019, service to miami, florida.
hey, im gonna ask you one last time.
please tell me you didnt rob the bank yesterday.
but fearing his dad, due to hitler qureshi, he never posted the letter at all!
i just think, maybe, you know, based on the kind of work i do, you dont think its a bit orange?
fate has delivered us a comradeinarms and for that, we are thankful.
theres other ways to do this.
is that like aloe?
today is baujis birthday?
is this about me?
im really proud of you tonight, clark.
the dragon goes under the bridge!
door creaks this is a horrible mistake.
maybe youre right.
he doesnt fit the profile. right?
i knew some.
you head butted the honorable warren truss minister of agriculture, fisheries and forestry.
somebody elses photo in your purse too.
his boss is notorious don in calcutta.
i wish i was mistaken, son.
anglecocks closed. hand brakes knocked off.
all right, girlie, get up and get over there!
all right. now, give me the gun.
you all had had the chance and the privilege to be enchanted, transported, and even sometimes devastated, by the performances of this true artist of our company.
from your mother...?
as soon as i get back, were gonna light those fireworks, right?
they aint get to live to be honest.
im ready to go now.
colonel harrell, eta to base, strueckers column.
plus all this extradural growth.
hey, its a good thing we found you!
theyll malfunction on this terrain.
but were almost at the airport, so youre gonna at least have to tell me where were going first.
youre sly, mom.
i said i dont remember.
thats really good. i think its close. come on.
yeah, a portable derailer.
weve been trying to catch up with them.
the light was perfect.
look at him, hes selling words too with vegetables.
what choice do we have?
and i boarded it..
you can argue with me all night.
but hes my friend.
besides, im gonna be in there to get your backs, all right?
so loving. so caring. im really very happy to have you in our family sisterinlaw.
1206, if youre going for it, that rip track is confirmed vacant. its your call, frank. we need to throw the switch if youre staying on.
i think youre right.
excellent,john. youre evolving.
mrs. sikes dog.
moreover today is very auspicious day too, please sir.
so i dont know that kind of pressure,
you can keep my security deposite.
dont turn away in fear.
there it is.
its all i wish
with my arm in it.
my names naomi dorrit.
whos danielle and karl?
and then, you will love me again.
no how will u recogzine.. now that millimeter has become centimeter!
just do it!
her words could make spring blossom
i shouldve thought that was obvious.
but he never does.
weve got a lot to talk about.
thats exactly the reason im still breathing.
he wakes up and gives me shit.
hide the girl for 2 days, mother.
all right, i feel better now.
ill never help you.
have u seen ur dad? ..
i always do.
whens my birthday?
ive got my eyes on you.
im sorry, bea.
i mean, she probably just does it to scare the nurses anyway.
not long after the experiments began, however, there was... an incident.
have you had many in the past?
here we are. were home.
she wants to talk to you.
you bought it?
it could be coming from anywhere.
you can fall asleep if you want, off the meter.
stop making so much noise.
im getting some cable.
you were fine till now.
this is what its all about
we are much happier without him.
when the lights go out, and then you start thinking... about all the noises and the monsters... and then you realize you didnt check under your bed... not carefully... dont come knocking on my door.
i was sleepwalking.
get out of the way.
i got a present for you.
so dont tell me this is not my war.
you ever think its just time to let go?
would you put me on to your officer incharge of the..
find the man narsings sister is in love.
ive many things to do.
there are only 23 here.
zoe che,phone call. how would you know?
look, we can work this out.
all roads lead here.
your mom probably wanted it to be a surprise.
when youre 16, thats a long time.
so you must be kevin peterson.
everybody wants me to be a leader till i make a decision they dont like.
leave him alone!
what goods 15,000 if youre dead?
you wanna tell me why youve been following me, charlie?
its about you.
look, clark, im your father.
ill call him.
a very good time.
ill kill you
i got me this job one time, busing tables at a country club so i could case all these big rich pricks that come in.
i saw the heart medication in your bag.
have you taken any of these, tom?
why does mr. eko carry around a stick covered in scripture?
tell them about that hole you got behind your toilet.
i didnt like it.
you are not my blood.
no, lets inquire.
who was that gun man?
click, static what? ! what do you mean you found a hostile?
thank goodness, civilization.
you wanna be a little more specific, tell me where you stand on the issues?
we need to find something to replace his weight on the trigger. replace his weight?
theyre not ready. they wont understand it.
all right. hold up, hold up.
i know who you are, and i know what youre looking for.
then i start to panic.
what is all this maya?
whatre you doing?
you want money in advance?
youre the one who inspired it.
he moved the island.
are you a doctor?
dating an older woman.
im gonna go call somebody who can actually help me out here.
well, then i apologize.
dont even say it.
i feel like ive got a cinder block on my chest, but ill survive.
stevie, this is a wedding ring.
you didnt come all this way to lecture me on greek history.
sorry of my life.
you keep telling...
come back to me, sam.
what are you talking about?
all right, this is just the first trip. here we go.
the japanese will get in..
no. your name. whyd you pick sawyer?
his name is aarush.
theyre not unprotected.
hed better get that vehicle going fast. hes a sitting duck.
cash or credit card.
discovered that a lot of the things that ive been feeling, she felt too.
it would take a man about 600 years to tunnel under the wall with one of these.
what are you doing?
out here, not safe.
see him and you see the god of death
shove it up your ass.
i guess it didnt work out that way.
the ones that tried to beat me up... they local boys?
most of them are women and young girls, more than half of whom are children.
and it never occurred to you that they might follow you?
just get a picture of him in your head.
perhaps its not happenstance that you and essam met at the mosque.
and you know what?
you take the rest of the team.
you brought the money because youre in love with me.
i can fill thousands of pages, millions of times with..
times will be tough from now on.
who was this someone?
of our 2000 employees, only a few met your requirements.
you had sex with my mother, and then you stole my dads money all away.
speak in telugu.  telugu?
my queen, why are you losing your head?
lll just highlight my favorite part.
honey, i know you dont like it when i ask, but are you all right?
somebody from a very high level is breathing down our necks.
im trying to help you do the right thing.
life is full of disappointments for some people.
so, what time?
then, once she can see the empire state building,
stop this coy bride act now...
why dont you transfer us all someplace cooler... like africa?
clark, you saved my life.
didnt figure you for the fruitpicking type.
ajira. its an airline.
take my guests out charter fishing.
you going to open it or stand there with your thumb up your butt?
he seems pretty cool.
lets lift this.
do what you can, but...
hi. how are you?
anything that jangles, dangles or rings has to go in these plastic trays.
the hostile is no longer in custody. be on the lookout.
yes, we are not going on holiday, on an operation.
theres someone... someone here in los angeles.
i have come to give my confession.
read the bible. dont talk about faith. take the boat.
yes, it does.
good morning, franco.
speak to him about what?
do not leave anyone behind!
are your parents dead?
i have a history test monda and a paper due in latin
got a distress call that civilians are still there. we dont know how many.
dont do this, linc.
with an expired visa who was about to be deported.
these tests are pretty accurate.
this is mr. hadley.
i was the youngest major in the texas cavalry, all without having seen any real battle.
you think if there was any real danger, id let carey stay onboard?
mr dawson, the fact that you came in through these doors tells me something.
if breaking can unite someone..
i got you. i cant...
and into our radio room.  we didnt bust out.
this week, 14k attempts to repeat as champion.
ill sell the building and relocate to a smaller store.
how, how the hell am i supposed to know?
speaking about my brother is not a joke, so you should be very careful what you say next.
study group, remember?
were worried about you, ana.
all right, so what do you want me to say here?
youre sinking... kind of like a rock!
sir, it s not a point if you lose community..
mission launch code word is irene.
let me guess, youre not coming.
..where everyone gets a table..
you should have thought..
i went to medical school with him.
call me later.
somehow i ended up on a flight to la instead.
dont you lie to me.
i thought part of our arrangement was that you dont drop in on me.
look..  l told you not to utter a single word!
i came back... because i was supposed to.
nobody wants to hurt you.
in a flash hell lose duggals respect and become mad.
youre not trying to take away her fun are you?
its one year older than you. no, it isnt.
is by giving him what he wants.
i dont understand what youre saying.
look, where does it go?
dont worry, youre getting selected.
want me to conduct any sacrifice?
i changed my mind.
yes, you will.
our prayers go out to the pilots families.
itll be a great boost for us.
devika called this evening.
lm sensitive to you...
you got to play.
the girl has fallen! come.
keep me safe, martin.
i just about survive both jobs
my decision was easy once your precious viktor betrayed me
its called a summer vacay, spence.
but shes not hot enough to make that go away.
if you may make a contribution, well be grateful.
and mr shephard, now that you are home, what are your plans.
michael,i am no longer able to track her.
l told you wait outside.
that i love you!
what else do i need?
so, whats the story with my status, doc?
i want you to know what really happened.
somethings telling me to swim through it, not over it.
let out the line.
michaels in here because he thinks youre innocent.
they cannot come back right now.
tomorrow. after lunch.
because here, it doesnt matter whether you have forgotten it...
will we get it against this laptop?
he likes to play the ponies.
look, i, uh, brought these for you to give to the kids when you have a chance.
roger, eagle one.
are you destroying parts of his mind?
go back where?
ill not leave this issue so easily.
if you mean our hydrogen bomb, then yes.
he aint comin back without his kid.
didnt anyone tell you? stealing is wrong.
so, we are gonna build a sign, a massive sign along the beach.
no, no. i cant have the baby now.
glad to see im not the only one whos curious in smallville.
and a hint of cloves, perhaps.
i stay in long enough, i could do some serious damage.
sacrifices somebody elses life just to make their own life easier?
hey! dont watch csi indianapolis tonight.
we should give it to her.
in simple language... please go outside...
youre gawking like a country bumpkin.
something gave us a second chance so lets be thankful and just try to make the most of it.
you killed my daughter!
whatever energys floating around it like a sponge.
he has a reputation.
god bhaiyya... i think india is going to kill england.
get the fuck out of the way!
but if i can help stop him from hurting anyone else,
that wont help us get the medicine.
18th street, 10th avenue...
i dont see what the big deal is.
if you kill him now, we are fucked.
sorry i said you were afraid to talk to your dad, dude.
no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
my leg hurts.
im not gonna let you do that!
its fresh poached salmon.
he doesnt know?
one chucks footballs, the other helps save lives.
you got here fast.  any sign of em yet?  no, not yet.
we need to stick together.
youll never let anyone be happy.
look after him and dont let go of the hand.
docs rebreaking his bones.
a rotten shack.
put my sincere respects.
theres exactly 21 cars between the two stands.
that changes things a lot.
you know what i think, rog?
i was in the lavatory.
uh, just give me a moment to type this up.
i say why not?
this is impossible.
since narsing is involved in this dealing.
i dont know much about bollywood, so i dont know much details.
if we went downstairs, we wouldve found the money pit where he swims in the stuff...  ...
bad food, lights out by nine and no cable?
somewhere you can clear your head, maybe get a new perspective on things?
how complex is the idea?
hes a big, big fan.
do you have any idea of the capital that this bank has invested in you, gru?
which room is it? its upstairs at the end of the hall.
theres a boy in the cage.
yeah. id love one.
please stop sending us letters.
running into the jungle wont get it done.
what about the balance rs.2000?
believe me, nobody expects you to fix it overnight.
great, you found them. where were they?
sink, you got a visitor.
i went out on a limb for you just now.
it ate all our stuff? nope.
they took a big toe from the left foot and a finger from my right.
it does. lt does.
nelson, twombly? come in. over.
i missed you so much.
that a young boy is enjoying outside..
in a few days, a freighter is porting in fiji.
he was hoping youd take him for one last ride in your car.
after we get him, well send both of them.
i got a proposition for you.
i need some air. im gonna go for a walk.
my guess is theyre trying to fix it and wondering why the hell they cant get in touch with us.
we gotta kill him.
secure the perimeter, dust for prints, check for fibers, scan for dna.
and please bless that someone will adopt us soon, and that the mommy and daddy will be nice and have a pet unicorn. amen.
i promise, well make them weep and flee with you.
youre laughing, theyve come closer.
ill get for you too.
mwah!  and be good for aunt bea tonight.
hell kill me!
isnt it mistake not to attend it, right?
i see a light.
hey, guys. taking a break from the campaign trail?
im looking at the photos right now.
keep your arm still.
speak to the dispatcher?
all right. if tanyas in silicon valley, thats where im going right now.
i feel like i am on fire.
lets just try it.
looks like you may even push me down.
where are you getting that water from?
no, i really am a prisoner. and now, you are, too.
why are you making faces?
there you go.
you look nice.
in five seconds, im gonna turn the tables on them.
but first you have to have their attention.
i dont even know if it is a map.
theythey killed her.
she knows everything, shell tell you.
now stop praising this wangdu n tell us from where did u get ranchos address?
im not wrong.
you gave him your last two bottles?
thats somebody from my team.
what youre seeing here are pictures of the 10 freeway south of downtown.
i downloaded it off the internet myself.
stop moving. youre breaking the branch.
i was 23 years old when the americans came to my country.
because they were infected.
no. what is knocking down the trees will get you.
i had encom. i couldnt be in here all the time.
i barely know my son, and now i gotta be his daddy.
let me ask you something.
please, let me take your confession.
let her in.
question for you, dude.
... supposei saidthatall ofthat ...
vintage rainwater from the great deluge.
i will see you in six hours.
when do we get the kid?
did you get it?
so, you got your guns, your oil, your smoke, and your napalm here.
you brought in 25 girls.
hide behind us.
if i make a mistake, everything will be ruined.
all those nights in new york city.
it floats around.
but these two, pointed fingers at me.
claire couldve died!
yeah, sam, give them back.
millimeter..get virus out..fast come on come virus..get out..get out aare not this virus yaar.. my virus, the inverter that i had made that?
its difficult for a man of your position to keep a love nest like this secret particularly where theres a married woman involved.
think about that and shuffle them.
she knows what it is.
doesnt exactly fit the casper paradigm.
he cant tolerate this defeat?
then if you dont bring her back before sundown tomorrow?
folks, i hold in my hand a device so powerful..
do you think you could sing it to the baby once in a while?
im not asking for permission.
this body armour has been known to take a bullet or two in its time.
its like townie christmas.
let me see you get low you scared, you scared
today i just..
dont do it till im ready.  okay.
you got paid to fix situations, so dont try and pretend it was anything else.
its not like its a secret.
i dont know. but im not taking any chances.
youve got the lighter, right, spencer?
this is unfair, dad.
your grandfather went there i did so did bhaiyya.
here tomorrow, 0800.
and call me tomorrow with your decision.
theres no treasure here.
i dont understand whats happening.
we can only threaten major with death, cant kill him till he completes it.
it is still an unexplained phenomena.. but
would you like to see it?
geoduck egg, dried white fungus?
once we land in new york, you have 24 hours to head back to canada.
so, where are you sitting?
look in to my eyes.
should we try it?
your men were saved.
he would do the same for me.
eric, whyd you jump off that dam?
that recipe was a disaster.
you know, one of the computer ones.
all right. then its gonna have to be you.
what was his name?
in fact, sam loves balloons.
not extortion, insurance. i plan on being out of here one day.
perhaps we are, but god will forgive me.
if the french transmission is coming from somewhere within our triangulation,
recognise her? .
so... we made camp.
how can he tell you anything?
chuckling i cant believe how youve grown.
were not even sure if michaels been turned by them.
you mustve done a deed of great virtue. just say a prayer and take the plunge!
you went to nicks hotel this morning...
i dont know what to think, ally.
one of the new people is here.
all the drinks are on me.
and she said, yep. the end.
it could not turn him into a person who could love and be loved like everyone else.
and then there was a light.
it must be exhausting.
and all the pain will stop.
what makes you think that?
when was this  is she still here...?
were not gonna pull any dna off of this or off the switch car.
hes in the engine room.
ive made my choice.
keep moving, were being followed.
whos chasing you?
finish off aladin.
the eyes lowered and rose up again.
i didnt realize anyone was here, so...
come here, teddy.
who gave you the toolbox, frank?
your own cell, no work detail, real food,
a little 3yearold blond?
oh... barely made it out with my life there.
dad wont oblige!
this some kind of drill?
hey, i heard what happened.
no record, couple of speeding tickets.
this way, you wont be scared of new places or roads.
theyre rigging the shuttle as a bomber.
how do you know they wont find out?
were number one for departure.
is there a man among you?
do not push me!
i guess power has its privileges.
ive been thinking a lot about him.
hello. my name is sun.
listen, clark, theres something i wanna ask you, a favor.
someone else can stay here, keep a look out, wait for rescue.
shes having the baby. go fast, ok?
i repeat, welcome wagon is in the air.
..how will you go on adventures, like your dad?
club zero, remember that?
her father didnt agree, so, i abducted her.
ill be there in the a. m. itll all be over.
..i can win the entire world, and notjust madhavgarh.
thats the thing with this town. itll always find a way to keep you down.
we need that water.
david, you said it yourself.
you were sleepwalking. all right?
all right. hold on tight, okay?
to take birth... had to race among 300 million sps he he eh
but if i return safely with charlotte, theyll take me to the ship.
why couldnt you come roaring in and save us like last time?
i didnt say goodbye.
theyre here to help us.
because it hurts, or because you were stupid enough to care for her?
what is the wrong idea?
motown, give me boots. im going skiing.
none of its real, man.
the real story behind what happened to this fateful airliner may have been lost along with the 324 passengers onboard.
as soon as i leave from here..
and this is my prison.
whatever you do, dont look me in the eye.
theyre not so close anymore either.
you mustnt allow another to raise your baby. ok.
well, i do get brushed twice a day.
hes responsible for the killing of my daughter.
thats why youre here.
i found some lockers.
you were 19 when you had an arranged marriage.
you know where the hostiles are.
maybe i should go home.
so we changed course.
you see helicopter?
ive been telling you since day one were in the wild.
become..become whatever ur heart says
want to train him or not?
he pushed that button every 108 minutes?
shell come flying.
fortune favors the brave. bombs away.
we dont know you.
i dont know whats wrong with me.
last thing i want is to be administering insulin to a man who doesnt need it.
shut up, you may turn me into a mannequin.
hugo stays with us.
professor, my name is thomas king.
who cares about the rifle? where the hell have you been?
i came here for fun, fighting doesnt suit me, bye.
im thinking about doing an expose.
god, alice, you got to hurry up.
hey, were not gonna let one bad day get us down.
you see dufresnes name there?
thats a twoman raft.
what the hell would...
please take me home!
i never pictured you leading your people from behind a desk.
well, im not insane.
you listening now?
come on, kid!
you think we crashed on this place by coincidence? especially this place.
strange, we live so closeby and we met here.
do youve any problem if i celebrate it today?
claires gonna have the baby soon.
and you were in the tree..because?
she told me her story while travelling in car.
i dont see how you can still be following his trail.
the key is theyre back there, and were up here.
its a long walk home, mr. ross. check your pockets.
forgive me for what?
now you give a damn.
that means other then giving him money..
you made me to bleed that day.
this is the time and the place.
well, we gave it our best shot.
i didnt think youd come.
i believe the head cord contains lime oil. really?
im not sure of anything yet.
and you want us to tell you which one?
in this family we dont look at the past.
oh, hes deaf. its my fault.
nobody at all need know.
now save this romeo too who is in love with his juliet.
will you help me find em?
thats how she ended up with us.
you should know the gun is really unnecessary.
but i had four refills, enough for a couple months.
fool, whom did you approach?
you said youd get help.
im leaving you!
ill see you.
thats the official story.
5the september..todays date..then wat yaar!
its the new years eve party. youre coming.
ringmaster found genius alone and killed him.
what are you doing here?
well, then does anyone care to tell me what its going to take to get this ogre?
but the thing is this island is... finding it again might be hard.
when we found em, they were wearing some sort of biomechanical suits.
shes waiting for you in your room.
how can i just go?
you hear what i said, boy? i say, yes, sir. i did.
you cant be the quarterback.
to get my clothes.
the cops, they busted in a minute after i got there.
we dont need to wait for anyone...
weve got another one, ladies!
first gigs in los angeles.
can i grant wishes with my magic wand?
rescue 15, this is ken fleming at base.
ifyou need anything just ask for it
immy must be his pet or nickname.
i missed you.
and hes the only leverage we have.
we shall never part through smiles nor through tears.
i gotta go find my kid.
oh, i work at a bank.
it might be that thing out there.
this compass is obviously defective.
any one of the million people who pass through here every day.
thats like number five.
rose, we just need to know which way the dharma barracks are from here so we can stop jack, or youre gonna be dead.
they dont leave tracks.
why dont you try mimicking your brother, huh, for a change?
it means the prosecution could point out the evidence from your criminal trial.
jesus christ... and what if i dont?
i served five years in the republican guard.
we cant slow down!
what the hell are you doing?
do you know what happened to my son?
i cant. cant take this.
is that called doing your duty?
get in line, soldier!
hey, cheer up.
and coziers there.
sheya...we need you on set right now!
im sorry i couldnt stop the...
that the idea that caused you to question your reality came from me.
where is the cash bag?
you need only be aware to stop and savor it.
..and i had come here because of some work
so... unfortunately,theres no more time... for distractions.
hes a teenager whos been waiting for someone to take the initiative.
emile, thats exactly what i said not to do!
so you two have been here for... three years now.
we both know thats impossible.
are you mad? this is not india.
im new here.
all right. lets get started.
im not signing the permission slip, clark.
cause whatever i did wrong, i probably didnt mean it.
i mean, when we met, you said you would be in berlin for one week.
what sandwich is that?
official police investigation.
neilson lncoming, gentlemen.
dory, help me find a way out! sorry.
i want to check into one of your rooms please.
heres whats gonna happen.
manny.. do you really think theres a boat?
looks like im in trouble.
save your money, lex. i cant tell you about clark even if i wanted to.
do i know you?
he was justjoking..
our mutual friend.
you do? you always say that you dont get a chance to shine because football is offlimits...
i come to bring you home with me.
we like to think of it as our car.
what can we do?  first, you must stop dancing!
no. what did you do that for?
now, everything will be all right. well do it. well do it.
where have you been?
walk away and go where?
remember, there are still people who will kill you if they find out youre alive.
come with me. come.
get a job at vericom.
when are you ever gonna learn his real name?
youre questioning my behaviour?
ive had a long day, and ive sold enough tickets.
dude, nice hole.
no need to take us to the hospital.
well, whatever it is, its not going to help get this laundry done, now is it?
never expected ill such fine dresses.
i know about the shindig this afternoon.
nobody gets near this, with or without intent to burn.
i love you guys!
youre betting with clarks future.
we tried to hide, fade into the woodwork.
thomas sent me...
you checking me out?
they just think they run this place.
my moms birthdays tomorrow.
its a, uh, demolition derby for charity.
problem is solved, leave it.
we needed a garbage boy.
youre talking coolly here.
im not irish.
kitt,i need to speak with sarah in private.
get out of my way!
see what you made me do?
there are more, with survivors.
if he opens his third eyes, ill be finished.
everyone says the same thing.
theres no getting out of here, young woman.
i want traditional dress.
i appreciate your concern.
looks like the good folks of islandtown are about to form a posse, get themselves armed up.
kerns, you see a cross street?
she didnt even think how much it would hurt me.
ease up there, frogurt.
i just assumed that thered been some kind of mistake.
uniform 64, left turn.
sydneys very expensive. its the best we can afford.
bless me by holding me close.
you didnt tell me your name.
he doesnt walk up, he swims up.
all systems gone.
trust me, clark, i have no idea who lana met today but it couldnt have been him.
havent we lost enough men..
could they be any more disorganized on the other side?
if youre gonna play nursemaid at least do the damn job.
im going for a run. you wanna come?
i told you hes very tough.
what can you tell us about level 3?
youve gotta see this. come on.
he is made of dry wood and will make a nice fire for my roast.
i would do it for you.
i hate being hurried.
hes hurt bad.
where does it go?
you have a little... you, too.
then perhaps you and i can negotiate, huh?
this is just coincidence, lmmy, coincidence..
crash, i told you not to drink before bed!
just like your mother.
hes not on drugs, chloe.
if you want to share this world with them, you need to understand them.
your child at our cost.
yes. thats right.
i paid for an hour.
look, if your organizations looking for a handout, young man, you can go through my business manager.
the fuck you dont! you grew up here!
the guy who designed you believed in the strength of the individual.
you want me to help you get the details of my husbands work?
you didnt get enough flaming arrows shot at you?
in the time theyve been here, theyve talked about a lot.
im gonna kill that motherfucker.
wow! this is garbage.
you got that phone i ordered?
every year you grow so shall i.
nothing happened between us, only we know that.
hes saying something, please talk to him.
you dont know what youre talking about.
you dont like the rules, i toss your ass back in the pit right now.
..ive forgiven you for whatever happened three years ago in bangkok.
i promised i wouldnt leave until i got everyone here safely off this island.
i cant do anything for you, rose.
you need to admit that to yourself.
if you want to speak to zuse, you need to go through him.
but all things have their time.
yes, i did get him educated.
its my kid.
what about natural gas?
you were right. i just had to get it out.
i dont like the hatch.
were not, honey.
using melissas paper was supposed to be a stopgap.
bury this hair in the middle of graveyard exactly at 12 midnight.
isnt it supposed to be screwed tighter?  youre right.
its worth nothing.
havent you been listening to anything herr liszt has been telling us?
this is everything i could find on harry volk.
cigarettes chewing gum sipping whisky playing cards with naked ladies on them.
can you tell us anything useful about them?
thats all you want?
i wouldnt miss this for the world.
well, i wanna work in my pajamas... but i think youre overestimating my job skills a little bit.
my mother wanted to have the funeral
veer, love isnt your cup of tea.
im not in charge of, uh, packing, so...
..to take their cigarette out and light it.
i put the kid out of his misery?
shannon has asthma.
dont shoot the water!
and you know what that means.
so, why does your father want to see me?
your immigration will be done in a few days.
what are you doing?
aare..people will laugh!
you sure you dont want me to talk to her?
get back here and apologize.
you always seem to understand what im trying to say.
what if i told you it was all for nothing?
i would have remembered.
theres a wand the engineer has to hit periodically or the air brakes are automatically applied.
no, he wont.
i have been working in this ad agency for the past 10 years.
it was his fault i became an addict.
your leg ok?
do you know anything about them?
all izz well!
how did let him go over there, grace?
no, yeah, i can.
this is connie hooper.
you ever thought of breaking out?
ill pick the right moment.
people who didnt have a dr. xavier with them to tell them to get out of the way?
priya wait, wait where are you going?
we made redundant reservations.
looking good, mr. fitz.
time to let go.
why didnt you tell me about this before?
mom, theyre for you.
ill see you guys at lunch. bye.
the names crush.
the swarms didnt migrate from any of their usual places.
no, wait, wait
ive had some long nights in stir.
no way! im going to be the first to jump off the eviscerator...
english words. what can you say?
sisterinlaw, if i will have dinner..
whats a conduit line?
a lot of people died today.
thank you, connie.
...pull this over here.
get little birds on strafing runs and keep them going all night long.
..bestowing me with a medal in the buckingham palace.
they were monsters in childrens disguise...
theres something just extremely uncomfortable about a man your size sniffing a flower.
i saw him yesterday...
is it that hard just to walk away?
in my mind i see her with someone perhaps more swarthy, darker.
im much tensed to tell you about my love.
you paddle your little tail right back here, nemo.
but someone said something to me... and everything was alright.
oh, i must have been trippin.
based on the books by goscinny semp
the sculpture gallery is upstairs.
look at this, john.
hey, its a new guy!
where the hell were you, you son of a bitch?
get out of there.
but theyre here, and i gotta find a way to bring em in before somebody else finds em and they screw up everything we got here.
shut your mouth!
then what you sneaking in here for?
clark has never been in trouble a day in his life.
i had a bet with him to make deepthi fall for me.
no, you wont.
people are scared and upset.
she was doing a mexican lap dance right in my face.
you dont care about me.
thats my kitty.
dont do anything!
now look at me.
what if we get caught?
ive come across some strange men in my time...
look around us, freckles. weve got roofs over our heads.
180 milligrams per deciliter.
she wanted to know about you.
its what pays for the whole party.
clu will be here any minute.
well, what are you gonna do?
then we get sun, sayid... and kate, of course.
im gonna walk over and get the sheriff.
ali had something on him.
answer the question!
like, uh, whos president in 1977?
i want you to listen to me, ok?
dont let me go!
then even i cannot do anything.
fire in the hole!
the vice president?
ls pissing means fear?
you got some ammo?
what were you doing in a limo?
hey, i think we should go back and see if jacobs okay.
the lapd is asking los angelenos not to fire their guns at the visitor spacecraft.
how does someone think of something like that?
all right, here, let me...
miss sibyl vane, my lord, in the role of ophelia.
they drink single malt scotch.
even your own mother couldnt love you.
sirill do something sir!
by the way, who told you the money was in her locker?
so you sneak off to a party without me?
and i know he feels the same.
aladin, are you up?
glad to hear it.
perhaps i was wrong.
sir, the best thing is that all notes have same number.
do you know how to work one?
i just need to get to new york.
..the needle will point towards green.
sorry about the wait.
ive been here 5 times, mr. daruwala.
were not done yet!
hey, come on! we got to go..now!
and you need to know that im in love with you,
its got a long rock wall with a big oak tree at the north end.
youre what i want.
were in orchard avenue.
seenu, i beg you, her life will get ruined.
like, kill them?
without the transceiver, all of this is for nothing.
valkirye 16, this is dragon, press the target.
know hindi, from sourashtra.
hello...you said itll take half day.
essam tazir. your roommate at cairo university.
i mean, dont you ever get tired of being treated like a kid?
you know i didnt steal from you, john.
well, hes taking being targeted.
money instead of sheets.
this is it, 11th and constitution.
and on the wedding day, who will be next to you?
rose, after the sun goes down, were gonna burn the fuselage.
well, the weather service said that the storm should pass through by morning.
i can keep up.
let me go.
you wanna argue about this?
we got your name when you called the freighter.
well, whatever it is, it smells horrid.
hey, jake, you okay?
we cant stay in the same house together.
it broke off midair, how did you...
what do you mean, the camps not gone?
thats rude too!
i was pushing it strongly but its hard to move...
i counted 22.
he used to be a doctor, but gave it all up to peel potatoes.
all due respect, i dont need opinions.
arrest every gypsy and beggar!
this is the biggest story.
well, if it isnt smallvilles latest football star.
but i dont know what it is.
sun is pregnant.
i dont think i can do that, sir.
dont do this. think about the baby.
jake sully will go first.
no, i should de the preliminary scout.
they broke the door down before i could take requests.
this is not a good time, doc.
got this much only for your bangles.
what do you mean?
sorry. i didnt see you.
its a 14 day journey towards the kailash confluence.
what are looking at me for?
i wanna come home, mommy.
his urge no more
brain tumors bring on phantom smells. like something burning.
if you bear it, youll get back your sight.
so why didnt you put him with the others?
just sort of walked off the moment he got a bit scared by the situation.
query. internal data.
maam, i told you about them.
is linguinis dish done yet?
thats what i meant.
think about phillipa, now.
five minutes. you know what?
you went back into your coma thing, and thats where you are right this very second.
teddy!  come here, boy.
its pure, i promise.
you fixed it.
thats what journalists do.  youre right.
but im not your lmmy.
all these medical bills.
ok. so, what are we doing now?
what do you think they have in common?
but when she finds out who you are, who you really are, shes gonna hate your guts.
having more vision problems?
all they found was a muddy set of prison clothes a bar of soap and an old rock hammer damn near worn down to the nub.
we will rock your world.
regardless of why they were made, if we dont put a stop to them, the volturi will.
possums were possums and... mammoths were mammoths...!
its just you gotta learn how to control it.
i, uh... thought we were going on a rescue mission.
it cant be her.
there was nothing you couldve done.
amor and psyche.
i hand them out, someone hears something, gets scared...
do you know rohan didi always says that a married woman is the union of... a wife and a daughterinlaw.
you dont get the transfer, but ill give you the car.
what about that luggage in the overhead compartments?
everybodys got a story.
what if it were, josh?
i can take those later.
we go in pairs.
we had to pay dearly for this charade.
im just a friend.
third delivery if my daughterinlaw knows the truth, shell lose balance.
that you love her a lot.
you are trying to blackmail me?
..if his name is changed?
i dont understand how george can be so calm about things.
i have a confession to make.
so how are you, kiddo?
so you guys hiked all the way up that mountain for nothing, huh?
hes hanging in there.
take it easy,stu.
why dont you believe me?
no. no. no, thank you.
whered you get the hardware, hoss?
were reacting with no information, no intelligence. this might even be theirs.
he deserves punishment just as much as the rest of these guys.
the application of your bargaining problem to fcc bandwidth auctions or to antitrust cases
how you doing?  how did he survive alone out here?
he too is like your phone.
the instructor told me that i had the hands of a surgeon and thats why i moved into medicine.
its not me.
id say you have a very active imagination.
beera knows all our plans.
and you rubbed the lamp.
then you can go gas up the chopper, frank. were going back. going back?
many stars will speak with her sparkling eyes,
im the only one freaking out here?
and youre the only motherfucker that could have got to it.
thats 0for2, mr. locke.
yeah, but her name rhymes with the french word for luggage.
which path is right?
you are embarrassing me, sir aladin.
is your dad coming?
and you are being deported.
on the flight, he was on the seat beside me.
car accident. he was an only child, inherited everything.
only one thing stops me.
and you know it.
i know youre angry, but dont call him dog.
i guess. i mean, look at eric, it hasnt helped him.
i imagine he needs it in there.
i dont care.
its almost as if... as if hes trying to gather something.
everything i told you, everything i didnt, it was only because i believe in you.
so you can come along and help me row... sighs or you can stay here.
i say we track this pipe back to its hydraulic origin and apprehend the culprits behind this aquatic conundrum.
we just... go on living our life because weve never met?
i dont know what to say.
im at his side instantly.
weve been after chickens.
martin is pending.
we havent had fresh pork on our plate in about a week.
im never going back.
i found an article about amazonian tribesmen who took on traits of the insects that bit them.
for what its worth, im sorry im not gonna get to see you play tomorrow.
you only invested because i asked you to.
come on, get her out.
lets make it 100.
no, really. what, you think im kidding?
nothin. noels just out of control.
hold on, baby. oh, god, baby, get up. baby.
he read it!
you can come out now.
get out of the way.
roma kapoor, richa malhotra what name did you say?
previously on lost
hey, it happens more than you think.
ive never seen anything like it before, man.
you have the white one, and the pink one.
why dont you take a break?
you want me to come where you are now?
i expect you to tell me how to get off the island.
dont change the subject.
sorry, nobody down here but the fbis most unwanted.
please, please. please cut my hair. please.
the customer are waiting.
thats where it starts.
tina can turn into whoever she wants and im the only one who can tell the difference.
maybe theres something they can do.
im going to get an ambulance.
..saint ibrahim did not waver from his path of righteousness.
theres a spear gun next to the scuba gear.
when i added that extra ingredient instead of following the recipe like you said, that wasnt me either.
ill tell you a secret, dont tell anyone.
when i first lost my sight.
they dont trust us enough to be in their human forms.
in time, mother nature will come a very poor second to father basil.
in fact, i was born here.
prepare to fire.
and whatever it is, it would be her choice.
wireless camera over helicopter?
but always necessary.
good night, clark.
if we find something, well pass it on.
one, two, three, four.
and hell, you got every right to be.
please respect me enough to spare me the pretense that you are actually offended.
because a leader cant lead until he knows where hes going.
i was freaking out, trying to figure out what happened.
so you didnt see me and my friend.
you might have trouble getting an answer out of her right about now, huh?
why is she thanking you?
go, go, go... hold on. yeah.
we must leave immediately.
you ever been to baja?
dont bet on it.
i arrived two hours earlier..
preparing for a hunt.
its rousseaus signal.
assume thats why youre over here.
whats he want with me?
yeah. im gonna go check em out.
you really think that this is all about boone?
the show is tonight, i have to...
and the villagers will be, like, get away! its shrek!
looks like we got ourselves a theft.
and so the stranger basks in the adulation of his new friends, sinking deeper into the guacamole of his own deception.
make sure those titties are nice and perky!
sir... why must you...?
enjoy your breakfast.
so im gonna come down to that bank and you are going to have to turn my loan down right to my face.
come on, theyre gonna put you out.
well, i m on my way right now.
why is everyone staring at me?
dont make me so restless.
hell brush you so very well.
i lost you guys!
do you mind telling me what kind of fucking charade...
were out by 915.
after about a minute of this  them both staring at each other like that  my mother burst into tears.
look.. i opened my camp!
of course you can, sweetie!
la, la, la, la, la.
i can die because ive already come to the island on the freighter.
even if you dont succeed, youre giving us a chance.
im gonna find your dog.
in about four hours,the dharma folks at the swan work site theyre gonnagonna drill into the ground and accidentally tap into a massive pocket of energy.
so, principal sir, what can i do for you?
come on havent left you yet, margaret.
all the size of a tennis ball.
i dont even care.
thought youre meeting me at the hospital.
the format is wrong again..
zhaos men were searching the coast, looking for you.
save you a seat.
thank you, sir. row 8, on your left.
you think i like getting piss thrown at me?
is this how you greet a friend?
thirtyfive thousand. thats what he left me.
which i believe is what is preventing you from becoming close to her again.
please remain calm.  i am calm!
they were going to take fitz out.
is lincoln burrows really worth it?
sir, you talk funny.
wheres all this coming from?
youre really here?
we were in a relationship a few years back.
hey. youre not coming.
i didnt see you.
dont get angry.
if youre lucky.
this isnt gonna work.
what the hell are you doing?
am i still to create the perfect system?
you were a perfect bridesmaid.
lets get low and fast!
perhaps that little nuke is the incident?
accidentally, your fathers hand came off.
theres a blanket over there by my backpack.  would you grab it?
forget about it.
okay, go. go.
just what is it that you did?
i was just trying to be friendly.
yeah, i know it.
i think we should accept.
what they doing?
come in please.
we go back a long way.
good night.  good night.
what the hell are you doing here?
well i guess i better go.
theyre scared, clark.
well... laugh it up, muhammed.
nothing to worry. lt happens.
that was probably her husband.
help me, please! help me!
now go on, get the hell out of my office.
well you shouldnt have.
no, lara, you cant. just go over there.
yeah, right, radzinsky.
and i will need a third group to concern themselves with...  hi.
we are in position. tracking monitors are locked on. we are going to visual recon.
i just want to forget it ever happened.
dont you feel choked with such a person?
if you want me to say something.
what the hell is he doing?
well, maybe you feel that all eyes are on you, but youre not a celebrity, and soon enough, youll realize that youre no different than anyone here.
thats almost two whole months.
i have told you that is impossible.
i know it wont be easy, but things will change... once hes gone.
i didnt exactly have a solid gold chess set in finchley, did i?
alright, ill bring it back.
do not do this, man.
now you stop your pursuit or i will fire you!
fine, but its going to make collaboration kind of hard. collaboration?
do you think we can find something better to do with our time?
his chest hurt. he kept calling out for kimberly.
..i will not spare him.
shes a real tiger cat between the sheets.
i dont think you want to do that, captain.
some days ago, on the train..
well, i mean,
mark was going to cover the war in afghanistan, mandira.
so lets go.
why are you going to all this trouble when were about to leave this island? well, i still need somewhere to sleep tonight, right?
you see, the nightmare of schizophrenia... ,is not knowing whats true,
thats your secret source.
why are you lying?
cant we just call?
i mean, you are a med student, right?
we have a problem, or you have a problem?
he didnt handle it too well, so...
dont worry, my friend.
im not crazy, charlie.
i hear with a little ranch they taste just like chicken.
nice talking to you, too. lost season 5 episodes 16 17 are you gonna do it?
they were with your dad when we told them about lanas vision.
i know. i was there.
youve been down there a lot, jack.
john, three months ago in gainesville, florida, the virgin mary seemed to appear in a patch of mold on the side of an old housing complex.
well, im done taking orders.
high percentage shot.
5 million that westmoreland planted in the desert in utah.
i just thought it might be fun.
if we dont start trusting him, nobody will have to take him away hes gonna leave all by himself.
do i have to do this now?
then i will.
are we... waiting for something?
my semiannual where are our priorities? rant.
less sugar there and less clothes here.
so youre the new one i been hearin all the rave reviews about.
a few days ago my bank was robbed.
so then come right now and take us away...
its an occupational hazard.
come on, come here and take your prize.
..because they believe that aladins story is true..
kitt,deploy the flares!
hes not gonna forgive me easily.
thats a funnylooking shirt.
are you queasy sick or achy sick?
you mean with flaming arrows raining down around us, killing everyone we knew?
this has got to be illegal!
well enough. why?
kate, you need to leave. bernard! no. kate.
in the days that followed, i got them to at least try to work together.
and they kind of got stuck in my head.
well, theres no one to claim the body.
how is it that you didnt know about the crash?
our town is drying up. were in the middle of a drought.
how much do you wanna stake on that?
you said the same thing every day for two whole weeks.
he intimated that they were scouring charlestown but they were wearing masks, so...
you should know that we, uh we loved each other very much when we had you.
turn back and see!
are you here?
and i hate drinkers.
cassie, its fine.
im sure youll tell me why once ive done so.
and a total fucking mystery. i hate it.
the fact that no one is even looking for us yeah, thats weird.
but its not real bad.
i thought you didnt love me...
oh, yeah, no. ill let him know, mrs.
i dont like working at a retirement home or so.
because i dont want to end up on your wall.
did you hear a word i said?
i dont believe a word of it.
dear i will give you 10, 000 rupees, dont take tension..
an insurance policy for the house.
turns out the judge they assigned, was a real hard ass.
is your life different from ours, jenny.
how do we get out of here?
why do you do this to yourself?
dr scully, can you ld these marks?
youre supposed to be dead. am i asking a billion questions?
time wont make a difference.
but i will never forgive her or her husband.
this isnt what i wanted.
how about with sayid?
and risk turning one dangerous falling object into many?
he helped him too.
made me a stranger in a moment.
the only one who knew about it was emile.
i thought we could both do with a bite to eat.
sierra class robots.
..then why didnt you dance with me in there?
youre not gonna let him go,are ya? no. no,i promise.
to the sweat drip down my balls.
if i recall, youre the one who wanted to come to this party.
the tents all set. everythings ready.
you made it, boys.
when you came across the island, what side was the ocean on?
okay, thank you.
and thats the reason..
folks, there are emergency shelters being set up in king county and scarborough county.
all the cars get demolished.
but you are not responsible for the idea that destroyed her.
what did you say?
and then something else happened.
by the way another news for you,
where do you get this shit?
i killed her, red.
he cant see this island any better than the rest of the world can.
where are your priorities?
this disgusting habit...
by then, there were only eight of us left.
from what i gather, there are far worse threats in prison other than bodily harm.
take my mother and hide her somewhere. be careful!
the mission was compromised because you hit on every woman in the consulate.
because nothing in her life or mine has anything to do with you.
charlie. have you seen hurley?
hurley, what the hell happened to you?
because you are a very...
what are you talking about?
you saw all those guys back there?
route 66 runs directly beneath that building.
whered you find her?
doing it way out here makes it look like we have something to hide.
naunihal, why do you ask him?
emily lt was his idea.
they wont make any sense, but i want you to listen to them anyway.
yeah, she totally does.
thank god, his head wasnt severed.
right now im living with an indian family.
he doesnt know to read but atleast he knows to speak!
my sensors are unable to penetrate to that depth, but the only way out undetected is through one of the underground passageways beneath the consulate.
you were sitting on the toilet.
you put us at risk for yourself.
tell me the truth.
woman isnt that always the way it works?
like she could see right through me.
five, four, three, two, one.
that would go beautifully with my mushroom.
yeah. i know.
these guys are marines, theyre trained for it.
where did you hear that?
so you dont get out, you dont see anyone, wheres your food come from?
dont look at me.
camera two, move to your left.
till then ill not sleep too, sir.
whats the last image you want to take with you?
jenny, ive touched many girls in my life.
..and that magic is in me.
your friend is waving from there.
i dont know what normal feels like anymore.
were playing chess, clark. its a game.
ld give it all up for one moment
go straight inside. wait for my mark!
but just remember, i seen yours too.
aman you cant do this to me!
this is great, son.
dont sell it. its an inheritance.
in plain words...
well, we got across the gorge.
yeah. can i help you?
ive read your editorials in the torch.
no, hes not here. escaped.
maybe a koi turned into a piranha and ate him.
amanda, wait a sec
simulit city center, cybertronics?
youre bad. this cream has an extra care skin nourishing lotion.. ..which contains aloe vera, calamine and jojoba oil..
and im goanna go find out why.
and now it looks like... oh!
how do you know l who says im a virgin?
i agreed to ferry you here for an extraction mission.
l have some problem with my hair.
we looked for her for a day, but she was just gone.
were already saved.
guess he doesnt have what it takes to be a winner, huh?
weve heard it both ways.
itll be hard to miss when we cross it again.
so, what time?
i knew youd forget!
you know me.
pay is good, dont have to break too many laws.
start by cleaning house.
a simple thank you would suffice.
you added him as a favorite? yeah. moment of weakness.
now its time for them to live in their own.
that is my hero.
thems what we call his natural predator.
give it up, coach. youve lost.
far from it, believe me.
are you a shrink now?
who are you? who are you working for?
after a tiffany necklace, i thought a room at the ritz.
but mama you promised...
you threw her out like she was nothing.
its unlikely all ryans cuts and bruises were caused by the accident.
whats that supposed to be?
i will take you there.
now all of this.
but youre not a farmer.
this, pretty miss, is a conversation best had behind closed doors.
no. but we cant go to sleep without a bedtime story.
ill finish him.
in our first demonstration, we will attempt to shift the test subject 100 milliseconds ahead in fourdimensional space.
just dont ask me to explain them.
theres no life, i need soul!
that ones going on the fridge.
you cant protect me, watch my dad and search for the intruder.
i thought the boar had vacated this area.
small latte for you.
theyre killing everyone.
sweetbread  la gusteau.
never read it.  you should.
you expecting another pretty boy?
like the uniform?
i would say to your grandmother, my hair is white because when i was born
and how long does that take?
he told you.
he was a good man.
its all right.
thats easy. mine.
why didnt you tell me you were selling the shop?
do people always do what you say?
did bobby show us the right girl?
what kind of experiments?
youre going out with mom and the girls.
im his daughter!
roger that, i see two people in shelter, go get them...
ill explain on the way.
thats what shed say
four days later in delhi.
the pants the ones with steadmans blood on them first cop on the scene says he saw you washing them in the bathtub.
you look at me... like im the devil.
gretel, ive just seen all your...
have you seen a picture, or talked to him on the phone?
shes making me work the weekend.
hi, wheres outpatient surgery?
how long would it take to train an army?
september the 22nd, 2004.
cause theres a rumor that you do.
so youre gonna be between hanna and emily,
im going to talk to him tomorrow.
we wither and scar because the gods are cruel and hateful.
theres a whole beach of people waiting for us to get some drinking water for them.
thats his last insult.
how can i be lonely, when i have you to keep me company?
its in your mind,
you need to get as far away from here as possible.
see you in the morning.
every day. every night our duet will play on.
go in the house, mom.
im sure hes very upset with himself, and i doubt hell listen to anyone but you right now.
will the lovely ms. lang be joining us?
theres nothing to make.
the hold steadys playing the troubadour this weekend.
just give me the time.
im sure youll see the benefits outweigh your other options. to the future.
im not meant to be out here today.
you think im weak, ill punch you...
make it there alive, and hell find you.
its a really nice twobedroom place, and we think youre gonna be really comfortable in it.
why dont you take a shot?
so, whos running it now?
her parents are a fixture. i brought them here from metropolis.
youre not being very transparent, warden.
i never cared about having carte blanche cause i just wanted to spend some time with the only other person on this island that just dont belong.
slow down! just keep braking, try to slow it.
howd i score the house call, dr. quinn?
so i mind my own business.
just... cant you just type in leonard?
no, no, were turning.
they destroyed the equipment?
look, they cant do anything. nobody can.
you can fear the future or you can embrace it.
gave them chance to walk away, but one of them took a shot at me.
good work for a man so young.
you must have a really strong grip.
thats what i saw.
and michael, jin...
and everyone says once im changed all ill want is to slaughter the whole town.  that part doesnt last forever.
then all of a sudden, i love you.
i said get up!
welcome to my little hellfire club.
what are you warming up for?
well see about that, okay?
look, were running out of time.
you know,jack,ive heard you say that story so many times,
yes, can i help you?
mit said that 90 of people who use smartphones feel more stress.
youre the prisoner.
what have you decided?
we got something for ya.
let me give you a hand with that.
okay, it is not lame.
all i know is your name.
sweet dreams, papa.
its your daughter!
gusteaus restaurant lost one of its five stars after a scathing review by frances top food critic, anton ego.
the head cord contains the first impression, lasting only a few minutes, before giving way to the heart cord
she can say what she wants to say.
are you doing drugs reznik?
what more can a brother ask for?
i dont think, i know.
everyone gets a new life on this island.
he must have heard something before he...
just because youre an ogre, doesnt mean you have to eat like one.
no, ok, she knows i remember.
but i didnt count on having to buy him a fathers day card, either.
there you go!
i dont know if youve noticed, but folks just aint making deposits on a wednesday no more!
you tell him you love that guys sister, and vice versa to the other man.
and ive written two words my name.
youyou stay here and you guard them.
shut up, please. this is not funny.
hes in the car.
you know what the difference between you and me is?
its lana lang.
im a good person.
how does he look to you?
its real. its real.
tom, come on.
i think he just didnt know what else to do.
listen, can i offer you anything?
i woke him.
then the meteors came.
you meet me at 5 p.m. at the blue water shopping mall.
maurice always said it was his most precious gift to you.
shes doing the best she can.
charlie, i need your help.
so why arent you on our team?
hes gonna come after me.
how could you know that?
what do you have to more than family?
they found guns.
we aint seen either of em since.
but we missed our train.
enemy of love, pitambar jalan.
joe, where are you going?
im mr. norton, the warden.
youd look weird with a beard, dude. thats ho.
whoa, whoa, wait.
how long you been clean?  wheres the money?
youre going to answer for what youve done.
and i saw a film there.
just let me do the talking.
ya yo changing hands.
youre wanted for murder,fraud,arson,a whole bunch of other stuff i cant remember.
ive been your partner for two years.
crab cant help nobody, lady.
deepthi had a bet with you to make me fall for her.
i know him.
portable derailers not gonna cut it, connie.
you were a little preoccupied at the time.
come on, you bastard!
well haul them out in twoman teams.
i cant see now.
what river flows through paris?
you must understand.
i wont have it out of the house.
he was here. i saw him.
but sun hes going.
doesnt he have anything better to do than tinker with his precious jeep?
not getting more than two hours of sleep a night.
who the hell are you?
what we know is that we are the last offensive force on the west coast.
youre my family.
im going to kill this expert in two minutes.
we snatched you up because you know one.
its gonna be our biggest payday yet!
keep up the good work.
the chances of that memory returning?
and your purse.
your instinct was right, john.
please, please, dont kill yourself.
yes, maam. rib eye, bloody.
basic photography point and shoot.
you know what i mean?
we were out the door, you fuck.
i only get to see him every three years because of you.
well, for a start, you can give me your left arm.
or too late.
listen to me. tell kate... charlie, look at me.
feels good to be back in action again.
we cant slow down!
im used to too much kitchen.
im not talking about dreams.
i mean, i learned my lesson.
and thats how it went for andy.
of course not. where did you get this?
all prisoners, return to your cellblocks.
who will fight with me?
some arab guy left his bags in the chairs downstairs and walked away.
make it look like we are holing up.
i didnt know your aunt was in with the luthors.
i found that picture the other day... and i realized i was exactly your age, so i wanted you to have it.
no, he is missing.
we got work to do.
kate... you made me promise to never ask what happened to aaron,or why you came back here.
when i retire, im recommending you to take my place.
crunchy, creamy, cookie, candy, cupcake.
look, its delicious.
is he gonna be okay?
55 miles an hour.
i dont care what you want.
he told you?
i find it incumbent that you see the inside of a prison cell, mr. scofield.
what we know is this
i liked you a lot.
yes. they have hurt my sister.
ill take my chances.
this is inside the city.
took a bottle of painkillers.
its late. im fine.
i didnt mean that.
lets act like it out there. hooah?
yeah if you say so.
theres no day after that, and theres no day after that day after that!
have you seen the container that blew up?
just a minute, let me close the door.
so, you still think im a member of the damn dharma initiative?
please listen to me.
what exactly is it that you would like me to do?
hey, theres no way into bwing. were all locked out.
you know, its amazing. the same day i make the team, you quit the squad.
and i have to be completely frank.
he took 4 years to say this pia kiss him n tell him, nose doesnt come in between you have my permission kiss him yaar..hez so cute who is this?
interesting yes, but its also a police case.
and why are we going to a greenhouse, exactly?
not the complete story, as you are aware, mr jarrah, given the fact that you are standing here.
danish is in there and i picked the raisins out just the way you like it.
go inside, have a drink, enjoy the party.
no chance of getting the fee here, will you present her a santro car?
chloe, just leave me alone.
tell me about this balloon.
is if he can tap into the atmospheres.
i decided to leave, and im leavin.
and i have the right to speak.
mom, stop being so dramatic.
that leaves you.
thats your call.
hey. hows your headache? better.
this is my son were talking about.
unless its something... else.
get ready to move!
im a bit of a stickler for protocol.
its over, dory.
we set sail tomorrow.
i need you to go get him for me.
hold the product up.
where do you think we should put him?
dont stretch it anymore, lest it may break.
others have a more unusual theory.
authorities have called for the evacuation of los angeles county.
so why show up now?
waffle chitlins, monkey brains
ive cleaned up the broken windows..
dont you want to smell it, master?
hes not lying!
you got the ball rolling.
a hiss means its close.
this place is cool. can we live here?
you ever miss?
he wouldnt let us have our seats in first class. he saved our lives.
well take different lifts. lf we press the button for the same floor..
exactly whats the difference between genius and most genius?
give me that dog! come on! come on, come on, come on.
set up your perimeter!
all right, buddy. just sit tight and dont touch anything.
open the lower hold.
you want my blessing or something?
hey, you and i are in bed now.
you dont need to go. ive sent him to someone we can trust.
everybody just calm down!
a little of it can make even dreaded terrorists sing.
mr. ray i can assure you, hes quite safe with me. marlin
lori, its over.
dont worry about it, big man.
girls, toby cavanaugh is a freak,
im not sick.
but then something mustve happened.
each of these creatures is a spirit.
my names james lafleur.
you need a small object, potentially heavy.
it is not his call, jack.
..the child will finish school and become a police officer.
you know, veronica, weve been through a lot, and, uh,
theres no signal. i only turn it on a couple minutes a day.  it really doesnt
no tranquil attacks here, thats good.
the important thing is...
youve tasted your dream!
just dont make your fear so large..
you wont know me...
would you like a table, or would you like to sit at the bar?
now, the reserve force will be useful to us.
of course not.
i got a fiance to think about.
ive lost everything everyone i cared about.
wheres he going?
i always get my man.
whatll we do with him?
ill tell the entire world about your son!
i came to stop you.
i can help you look.
yes... i just want to be friends with you...
i thought youd understand if i spoke to you.
but now you make sure that you dont mess things up.
thank you so much.
ive no class. poor fellow.
we wouldve been betrayed..
and no personal calls during office hours, colonel.
mr. reyes, whyd you run like that?
who exactly are you babysitting here?
..was he an infidel?
its been a long time, but i never forget a face.
what were you doing in australia?
she seems so peaceful.
just pull out an old gusteau recipe, something we havent made in a while...
your genie did not come.
im not gonna hurt you, all right?
i cant call you by your real names.
if mike traceur is dead,
well, im not gonna hurt her.
i have definitely seen this floating speck before.
who said this to you?
everybody on this island is building something.
youre still on the plane?
does... did you tell him?
i dont know, rich.
not all of us have to.
..of people calling you the murderer of your father either.
all i wanna do is go through high school without being a total loser.
no. its ok.
how could he possibly have done that?
they are being careful because they believe you are lying.
my question is, when are they coming back?
you shouldve listened to captain bellick and gassed the whole block.
i hope you didnt get the wrong idea about seeing me with the baby.
ok. so, it was nice to see gertrude, huh?
clark, he escaped from jail. you have to admit it looks pretty bad.
lou nathanson just died.
ah! hes gonna get himself killed!
its just, out of those 29 birthdays, my father has managed to see me on precisely six of them.
something i need to tell you.
all right, but you just have to go sit down
okay? i cant pretend like i dont know you.
sport or abuse?
what you think youre gonna do with that...?
thats not the way it works.
thats the beauty of it.
do you remember one night in the dining room...
ill not let them take the weapon designed by you, ill free you from here, father.
out of all the useless oaths, why do you always forget..
so where exactly do you think you saw aslan?
madam, consider that we got the puppies.
home sweet home.
why are you hiding, baldy?
pitambar hung up on me.
anything you want, he can get it for you.
im sorry, sir, but the special wheelchair that we use for loading disabled passengers, no one seems to know where it is right now, and unless we find it, im not sure we can get you on.
if you trust me.
papa.. if this dialysis machine stopped working..
look, whatever happened with you wasnt right.
yeah. like, in case of an explosion, they come from the ceiling.
im fucking you, so hes fucking me.
its what they done!
i am only as free as you imagine me to be.
you said shed die in 14 hours
ditomasso and his men are on the southeast corner.
youll be, like, roar!
i dont want to rub any more lamps.
get it back.
hey, clark, you okay?
something you can have on you that no one else knows.
why wouldnt i?
if i got out, id never mention what happens here.
dont turn your back on me you are mine only mine
we can go eat somewhere else.
um... look, last night, on my way to the morgue,
is that you have feelings for him too.
guess she didnt want to explain why she was on her way to a poison gas factory.
the c.o.s got the rest.
you killed nora allen.
i know, jenny.
come on, sucre, youre going to the shu.
how many do we need to blow the hatch?
laura has been telling me that you may have some other plans for tomorrow
what we found.
all exits are covered.
lex, you dont have to do that.
papa, youre insulting sons.
but... we want you to feel at home.
if no fighter has won, both fighters are killed.
im assigning him to your team as security escort.
so change the story.
i never acted out of guilt.
there wasnt much space for that.
i dont know.
like i said, curiosity.
you again gave me a cycle without brake.
and you? stay here till i get back.
do you tell me everything that happened in your life?
im enjoying it.
first party vashoda puri.
hurting me isnt gonna bring her back.
whats gotten into you?
ill be fine.
you called me from a classified location.
its tied off somewhere.
in fact, im looking at our mutual friend right now.
you can do it, ramona.
wherever you go
come on. come on. hes gone.
jack didnt lie.
you really did it, man.
i didnt see him.
if it didnt happen, it cant happen.
two years ago?
ive spent the last three years trying to forget all the horrible things that happened the day that we left.
unless he controls the water.
we got struck by lightning.
thanks for the ride, mr. kemp.
a promise i made to andy.
didnt i tell my name is don seenu or not?
thatll cost you. a lawyer.
i cant stay warm.
thats crest, you dumb shit.
just enough time to get in and out!
after everything that weve been through.
she was sick for a long time, clark.
mehnaz herbal beauty products.
youll do better with it than i can.
we need to find out why he violated the truce, why the hell he would come into our territory.
then youre dumber than i thought.
the next morning, right about the time raquel was spilling her secret a man nobody ever laid eyes on before strolled into the maine national bank.
an arrow shot from the bow..
fine! if you want to know the truth..
you couldve called it off.
those boars were looking to feed. we have to get rid of the bodies.
can you make anything out?
i dont know about emily, but i slept like a baby.
i never shouldve left that island.
id only ask three beers apiece for each of my coworkers.
oye oye oye..idiot..what centimeter..u have become kilometer!
then you sign it.
and i hope and pray that sams soul rests in peace.
but i dont know anything about them.
can you help me out here? okay, see this guy right there?
all the bloods pooling there, compartment syndrome.
bender congratulations, mr. hansen. martin
just when you thought it was safe to open the mail.
what beautiful embroidery.
should i use magic to show my love to you?
that aint my problem.
for 200 years, you looted my country.
vfr from here on.
lana, you still at it?
what is it exactly you do at the orchid?
hey, i can smell the ocean!
you need it so you dont forget.
i had my share of legal problems while i was in metropolis.
today, thanks to the both of you an unlucky mans fate has changed.
come down, and fight.
i just liked it.
i think you should leave, young man.
we go out... and back in.
god damn it!
dont you feel it?
that was you.
i lied to him that ive trapped your sister.
yeah, im coming in tonight.
are you already home?
they fully mature on the flight out.
youll have to do this for us.
have you done this before?
oh, i get it.
i got nothing. no guns, no smoke, nothing.
relax, its okay.
when he shakes his mane we shall have spring again.
yes, i can.
there was a bully three grades ahead.
you heard him. move.
yes. yes, we are.
were not breaking out of a jamba juice, gentlemen.
there is a story behind it.
now, just wait a cottonpicking minute! a posse aint no place for a...
and youre playing hard to get?
i dont know do you think...?
alice, i happen to be a doctor.
one order of steamed pike up.
its a police problem now. damn kids out of control.
but im fine, ok?
i knew something was wrong with her.
cause theyre fast.
so... hows jack?
after tonight, youll never hurt anyone else.
i suppose ill just try again.
take it, dont leave that bihari till he begs you to spare him.
just a bite.  hold it together, mate!
i spent more than a hundred days on this island. i know a lot.
feet be comfortable with the breeze on your toes.
look... we all have setbacks. i mean, god knows, man.
if ive to get the red, i need to use the white also, right?
thats the third guy.
its bad, amor and psyche is, master.
whatever ben linus did down at the orchid station, it may have... dislodged us.
no, im just showing him around town.
shes probably sleeping.
look what you did.
heard they just made him a shop steward at the utu.
you know what i did to get back to you?
and i dont want to.
my speech wig.
and spencers right across from you.
your friends who know him some questions, iris.
till we identify all the parties involved here, were gonna need some ids we need to see everyone on the ground.
you will be given the names and addresses of all the salons.
is that what happened?
what, you think hes a candidate?
call papa and mama...
oh, ok. yeah. ok.
you know of her curse?
what if can only convince some of them to come back?
whats this green stuff?
ive been held against my will, and im being pursued by a division of the government.
until my heart stops beating.
ive got him!
we couldve been together.
he was calling us a slave.
mr. stevens has a birth certificate drivers license, social security.
we stand so close yet we are so far
...and buys a hotdog with ketchup and relish,
a guy doesnt drive a girl 500 miles across state lines because he wants to be friends.
do you have any idea how beautiful you are?
nobody is here.
the phone rang.
they stole the corpse?
look, shrek, i know things might seem a little bleak right now, but things always work themselves out in the end, youll see.
i dont want to think about what the police are saying,
what do you think youre doing?
dont worry, we all get caught up.
frank is right.
im just having a bad week.
he has opened three new factories this year.
i just needed to know where you were going.
so where are you guys from?
like to know more about you.
you woke up the baby and ran towards them?
this is our fault.
im officially butting out.
you hear about felice?
lana, what are you doing here?
aint nothing to do up in here but serve time.
let me talk to him first.
walter, wheres the fire?
since when does standard procedure include metal detectors and hazmat suits?
beach is this way.
you are not a nuisance.
youre making a mistake, lex.
if you dont feel up to it, ill understand.
i... love... you.
..and give us a safe passage.
good. please ask janelle to bring me my coffee.
you look so much like... someone i used to know.
all right, i want you to go back and find juliet, see if anyones noticed yet if little bens gone missin.
i want to remember this.
the suit is great..
you were impaired.
to this shithole?
i dont want anything to happen to you.
how big youve grown up to be.
settle down, settle down.
you put all of us at risk.
pigs, we need another cake.
they think theyll catch him.
weve gotta get you back to that island so that you can do it.
i think it was the opposite.
then youll lose both of them.
you need to change into this.
you dont like old uncle johnny?
im the cipher.
ill send him, you get ready. come.
jenna, jenna, wait up.
dont you trust anyone?
what was that incident?
you think youre going after charlotte without me?
look around, youre not gonn make it.
i volunteer at the boys girls club in charlestown...
its in the laundry.
starts out slow, like a fungus.
hundreds of them, everywhere.
how do we put it out?
so, um, guitars, quick rehearsal.
what did you do?
well see you then.
my dad isnt.
just one girl watching another girls back, i guess.
almost everything else is here too.
what about your mom?
just let her go.
if you try anything, weve got a problem.
youre in at ten thirty!
you dated before you joined the military, and you obviously still care deeply for her.
we can take a cable car..
what about the band?
my wife didnt like her.
cole this is robbie hewitt from asls.
theres no need for any more suffering.
i want to go home.
what do you mean, you found it? it died in the jungle.
i think i do.
i can see everything happening in my home, if you come out, ill walk in.
were not going into your temple, ben.
did you lie to get her out of town, too?
not everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere.
not so much a fight.
clark, its a mansion. its designed for snooping.
it took me a long time to find it.
not her, the one who killed shannon.
throw me into the ocean.
they just dont admit it!
take me to the plane.
wait. to live there?
yeah, but thats europe.
what about the green dress you bought for aunt pelagias 60th?
im sorry to hear that.
who is it?
i can spend the rest of my life on the scooter with u wow!
then youll never get either one.
dinner is ready!
what do they want?
lt wont be nice if were caught.
you want to say this. right?
no one, no one is sick.
i want to call regina on the boat.
maybe ill do it. yeah.
i cant look into her eyes and speak.
thats what were here for, remember?
..then this cant be coincidence.
im not sure, but there was a windmill. a big one.
im not putting my life in that mans hands.
here they come.
have you seen it?
we should just call the cops.
he broke her spine so that she couldnt move, and then he ate her alive.
im sure chloe appreciated that.
who all are there in your family?
you dont know rubiks cube?
you got tortellini?
let me call you back.
you put it in my mouth, you lose it.
where did she come from?
you are my heart you are my soul
over a unique pocket of electromagnetic energy.
but papa talked to me on the phone because i lied.
they left me in the street, thinking i was dead.
she likes me.
send out the patrol.
i dont think thats on todays program.
because, in 1992... her dad had three ambassador cars.
rs.9750 is the canteens bill.
i asked, for what?
dont eat that!
my eyes burn and i feel sleepy too.
look, come and sit by the fire.
so tell me, why are you here today?
great idea. lets do that.
right now, or never, cobb.
she lives in florida, but he was gonna put her number into my phone in case of an emergency.
and poor celia. trussed up in a doily for some chinless miscreant to eternally enslave. i suggest we raise a little hell.
well, if it wasnt them, then who?
lets go. i dont have all day.
the child is imminent.
have you seen this book?
and thats you?
im already covered.
of course you are. youll make lots of new friends.
and since i was gonna do it anyway, i thought i would spare you all the drama.
in a hospital, they would have you sleep.
but the thirteenth, the vital one... could never be determined.
but it could take some time to find suitable kidney of nikkis age.
dont push, dont push.
mandira, i felt a stab of pain in my chest..
tell me about it, what happened?
what you gonna do now, muchacha?
you are on the first shift?
are you quite certain you want to do this, benjamin?
yeah, i saw it, tattoo.
im getting married, papi, and im sure as hell not doing it with no posse on my ass.
yes, i was searching for you as well.
come with us, hugo. and this will be over.
...if you dont mind.
they knew the whole system.
we need to get all this stuff off the beach before nightfall.
yes, you can.
and were not back home.
i understand, maam, but i need you to leave the restricted area.
isnt it our duty now to take this journey forward?
ill save you...!
... im sureyourfatherdied peacefully in his sleep.
so whyd you tell me not to touch it?
shannon translated it.
apparently, in 1871 a strange contagion struck the morley settlement and 200 people died almost overnight.
im rescinding the offer. go fishing with your dad.
no, you cant.
mom i been here the whole time...!
hes in trouble.
if youre not careful.
ok. easy. easy.
dont worry, shes probably hungry.
youre gonna like this one, ma.
then i guess were both crazy.
we know hes gonna be looking for a taxi in this weather.
it sweats nitroglycerin.
whats he doing?
so how about you tell me what the hell it is you want.
i want don seenus dead body in 24 hours.
every victory. every achievement.
ultrasound was cool?
hes swimming to the filter!
perhaps this will jog your memory.
the difference between us aint that big, sweetheart.
just tell em i hit you.
hey, there she is!
okay, go, go.
i thought my life was over after football didnt pan out.
oh, you met some of em now.
first thing i remember was the ashtray.
these are not the kind of questions you should be asking.
i wanted to thank the great general iroh and young prince zuko for dining with us.
airing your views so publicly could land you in trouble.
no. i wanna know hes ok right now or i dont call anybody.
earlier today i had some cheap wine at the funeral, and combined with the cheap vodka...
no! youre not thinking clearly! dont do that!
any idea how it got there?
that he was shot and killed jude royce. everyone fits into this except for you.
but i do believe in assigning value to things.
what did you tell him about me?
you dont know what im selling.
residues being sent to the lab now.
i know that everything you have you took from me.
have you and horace decided on a name?
i dont think that shes the right one for you.
jimmy, hes closing on you!
wilson just sent lonnie to the elevator.
no water, okay? stay away from water.
i didnt help you escape just so you could break back in.
so we were together when...
its just, all this attention is a little unnerving.
wanna drink madierarum this is that rum you all used to drink here?
are they having six pack body?
sir, captain cahill.
youre just a shade of my real wife.
those trees were sacred to omaticaya in a way you cant imagine.
tell... tell my... try not to talk,okay?
its not that i dont want to talk to you  no, no. i get you.
were facing an unknown enemy.
sisterinlaw, come here.
god bless him.
theres a lawyer poking around.
shes not gonna find out.
has anybody seen flo?
youre waiting for the next van.
stop laughing, you clown, and make way.
right here, baby.
but, aunt, ive no program to go to a foreign country.
that aint true.
what are you doing here?
are there beasts in this forest?
youre a dead man, phil.
what should i wish for?
hey. keep saturday night free.
and it makes me sick.
bloody bet, let it go to hell.
well arrest her.
what are you doing up so early?
isnt that your dads car?
i lied to the fbi.
a collector of what?
i met with lex, tried to make my case, but he totally shot me down.
horace wants her off the island, too.
because were at the orchid.
and maybe youre in no position to be telling me my business, hmm?
its, uh, totally locked off from the disturbance.
oh, and tell sayid i did exactly what he said. im totally safe.
we were just talking about my inspiration.
shes going away with you, why isnt she here?
l will call back in a week again.
i have your back.
hes always saying
i had to introduce to your family.
this suspense is haunting, how can i sleep tonight?
i just shared a secret with you.
milich, are you crazy?
the girl loves a man.
whats wrong, mrs. gandhi?
so... thats why im doing this.
dad, theres more.
looks like its time to pay the piper.
i wanna come.
what are they after?
and why would that stop you from coming to me?
scorpions, pursue and destroy.
before we go inside i need you to remove all your cell phones, pagers, jewelry.
ive got him in sight.
ill take care of it myself.
he sits here.
how are we gonna reconcile them?
hey, guys. whats going on?
hetal. my daughter.
but dont dump it all on me.
who told you to be here, hugo?
you know what i mean.
we feel wondered that, how a person in his lifetime can do these many rapes ?
yeah, i remember.
was it them?
only in boston is a guy named albert magloan.
maybe when your nose starts bleeding, youll realize we tta get out of dodge now.
take off your fucking shoes!
nobody blames you.
the one before they started shooting at us, where you were about to tell me how it felt to see kate again.
i just need to borrow this real quick.
im very busy right now. im very sorry.
because its a legend, numskull.
so, how about you listen up?
well, if hes gonna ask my girl to a dance, hed better have some moves.
sorry to bother you.
hey, man. where is this car taking us?
you couldve thought of this before you pissed in front of my doors... sir give me one more chance sir, please..just one chance sir please sir
let these two in, just these two.
the stronger the issues, the more powerful the catharsis.
fun for me is just getting off that plane in one piece.
dont let him do this to us.
back for more tools?
is he already up?
her sharpness, her intelligence, her helping nature, her alertness, where did she get all this from?
care of platform.
is that all you got?
atleast wear pants n go!
what do you want with me?
you need to help us stop him
i just lost track of time at work...
all right, you need to give me a chance to explain myself first.
i was just wondering if you were going to be much longer?
sorry this flat is mr. roberts, he had given it to someone..
and even painmemory response.
warden  as an added precaution, ive altered your route.
okay, i think were done here. our final report will be filed.
they know sydney!
my name is rahul.
i think you ought to show him.
earl, what are you doing here?
teaching you that politics is all about sacrifice.
so, how did it go, girls? did we meet our quotas? sort of.
theyre making a run for it to the airport.
red arrow, alpha 9723.
listen to me. im gonna get your dog back.
not much of a sleeper myself.
i dont need any privacy. you need to talk to her,kate.
said hed been drinking.
may no one ever wish you ill.
i didnt take anything from him in the divorce.
the chances of getting a signal are slim at best.
youve only missed a little.
see, dan? i told you. theyre convinced were trying to kill em.
its no fair, aunt bea.
revenge is emotion, taking money is profession.
im an actor.
gammys 90th birthday, and the whole familys coming together.
you should be proud of him.
i swear to god we would never hurt you.
so they can find us.
let me call the guinness book.
dont you understand? !
so pardon me for not trusting you.
we had a little accident here.
you dare abuse my father.
you saw something.
but she cant move.
in fact, it was a diversion to kidnap claires baby.
what happened to the rest of the statue?
the weather is clear.
you know that your medicines run out, and youre panicking.
mal killed fischer.
and after the crash...
hes proud of you.
oye where had you been? hanh?
parcher thats not precisely accurate. low radio chatter
id say youre worried about me, jack. if i didnt know any better,
we just lost the initiative.
your real father?
stop lying to me!
we have no idea what we are going to...
i can learn to drive?
oh, and iris, you tell the police,
nothing a little practice cant cure.
yep. you shouldve given up back in new york.
im so sorry.
i make good coffee.
no, please, clark, stay!
we are coming in car.
what are we gonna do now, sheriff?
but im okay.
yo, whats up?
go home, sayid.
dont kill me.
not by a few million years.
any clues? any leads?
because hes been trying to get into your pants since the minute we started dating, thats why.
do i really look like im ready to run a fortune 500 company?
one should choose his words as carefully as he chooses his friends.
itll burn so much that you feel like dying.
everybody is watching me.
what the hell are you doing? thats my van!
no, its alright.
he does everything..
see, the thing is, there is a reason why
are you happy here?
dont look at me!
theyre not going to find out.
you look like shit, man.
we killed it.
when on path is closed, god opens another path.
a lot of i didnt do it, and those dont count for much.
somehow i doubt that.
yeah, its in that shopping center.
do it now or the rope comes up.
i cant tell that kid i lost his dog cause i was exhausted.
you can give it back after you win.
and if you desire romance,
the problem occurs somewhere during the second trimester, when the mothers immune system is triggered.
i dont want you anywhere near him.
jodi, this isnt you.
wait for me!
your wife mustve gone out shopping.
once, a long time ago, the spirit world kept balance over us.
i think you seem to be forgetting something here.
then i want you to take these keys out of my pocket and let yourself out.
narsings sister?  ls it?
tell them what?
now shut up and eat your garbage.
we take too many people, theyll hear us coming.
dory. im so sorry.
he was shooting at someone.
i became sawyer.
its all in the grind, sargnt. cant be too fine, cant be too coarse.
no, its not all right.
i mean, the door was shaking.
i thought i could bring him back and still have the time.
you dont understand. i cant control it. im running out of time.
we gotta keep moving.
and ill see you monday.
keep your hands up!
come on. youre like my brother.
ill get him later.
ill leave the details to you.
john, your mother, she may be a little crazy, but at least she brought us together.
clark, i just heard about your dad. is he all right?
go see him, whitney. make the best of the time he has left.
bea gets to chat with me.
im not a stupid translator.
keep this a secret. not even to my son.
w walking away? you didnt kill them for me, sayid.
you need to keep your strength up.
you will not touch anything.
i go twice in day.
i have two sonsinlaw.
i think that ship sailed long ago.
jennys life is in danger and youre thinking of money.
that is my real name.
this isnt a game, nadia.
excuse me, hes waiting.
we still have time for one last dance.
let your emotions flow like water.
the fact that those people even considered voting for any of you guys just proves that this school needs a strong leader.
ill get another one. besides, its in my name.
hes epileptic, going home.
theres nothing to speak.
no ones seen him.
i wish i had your real address.
and although he is certain to die, perhaps from a household accident, which account for 65 of all unnatural deaths, the people of the village will honor his memory even as they abandon their dignity.
all signs point to it.
did he just blow me off?
okay, then it must be true.
hell show her to us, come.
0.5 ok delivery using vacuum cleaner..i havent seen this in 20 yrs of my career!
you got two strikes against you already.
and the thing theyre scared of most is missing an opportunity.
going from fighting to racing, thats a big leap.
ill be her guard.
well, you know, shes...
i said, down!
why should i believe you anyway?
seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death!
im gonna go talk to him.
lima company requesting immediate air support.
we offered special prayers for your film to be a hit, if you pay our fee, well take leave now.
they shot him!
remove the towel.
youre gonna get rid of him.
you find a place to live yet?
what did you say?
what a shit match.
it had nothing to do with...
right, you aint going back to the hotel, you aint going to the freaking caribbean either.
i promise you next time...
what, are you nuts?
how much time do u take yaar?
like i said, how well do you know ana lucia?
give us our money.
one of our people was captured by yours.  so go getem back.
i think macau wasnt lucky for you.
ok ill take your leave now.
when i tried to press him, he got angry, so i backed off.
we were already here.
jack shephard. im... im new.
you want me also to fly away like birds.
am i so different from the little girl in the schoolyard who used to push you in the mud?
its about a kilometre that way.
i m sorry, i got here just as you were finishing your last set.
..now how wil the vacuum cleaner work farhan, you get the vacuum cleaner and i shall get the light..
youre talking about dreams?
bout to jump off, fish.
youve got 24 hours, and this hits the front page.
if you want for my happiness then you know what you have to do.
im smoking because im thinking.
think about it. it could be anybody.
i didnt pull the trigger but i drove her away.
the lonely constable on his rounds, keeping an eagle eye out for mayhem and malfeasance.
its a pathway... where does it lead?
no problem even if takes a week.
he wants to do a story on me, make me out to be some kind of hero.
we are rightly proud of it.
keep it down, there, suzy.
i make judgment calls every day.
dad, dont give me the look.
you charge money for doing publicity, and i for stopping it.
he did not do it.
the oldest one of all.
eames? no, hes in mombasa.
hes blocking his transfer.
so whitneys off to fight evil for uncle sam.
that nate didnt answer his cell?
still no movement in the alley.
look, ill pay for the sunglasses.
he wont, victoria.
you cant hit me, ive got glasses.
i said, drop it!
why do you care?
lost season05 episode11 sawyer.
nothing but white sand beaches and icecold beer.
but, we just met...
to formulate compounds for a job?
a bump in the road caused the transam to go airborne.
she needs a cesarean.  dont tell me!
that kid may have killed peggy odell!
you fulfilled your duty by saving..
i can take care of myself.
she cant tell kids not to invent words.
you should get down to the beach for shannon.
the infirmary, our exit thats california.
i was looking for you, actually.
all right, clark, whatever.
she must be on her way.
which is ridiculous, since time doesnt matter on a damn island!
youre gonna rip us apart!
..and by the time i returned after saving you..
thats why im exhausted.
lets get to my office.
have you checked out the photo booth theyve got in there? no.
if im dead, how am i gonna get you half the money?
sir.. where are you taking me early in the morning?
l dont know.
has he fulfilled the duties of a son?
shes just grateful you happened to come along.
shes in calcutta.
i mean, it sounds like... this guy is gonna stop at nothing till he finds his son.
you left it in the infmary.
that man just killed one of our own people, and youre acting like it doesnt matter.
you ask me, alright?
but you cannot let him get to you.
youre either frankenstein or youre nobody.
the burden of genius. there he is.
no. im in it for life.
sofiya, im saying this to you today..
after all that time, he just up and left?
so little slow in hindi!
clark, take a look at this.
she was from jalalpur, up.
the ladies tee at my club back home is ten feet closer...
put some in my coffee just to give it a little tang.
do it, baby bro. save us.
bless me, father, for i have sinned.
where are we?
you talk too much. why dont you put a cork in it?
no, i need to be on my own.
anjali i need to talk to you.
well, we werent lost.
soninlaw, this topless bus is very nice.
hell kill us all for the money.
youre supposed to be in the gatehouse!
how long would it take to get to the beach and back?
dad, please dont make me do that.
and thats when i came across the xfiles.
i do the grooves and the whole world..
we got you, granddad!
one nation... under god... indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
i needed halyards for the mast.
for me, too?
im not twelve anymore.
signed for her 20 minutes ago.
is that what happened to you?
dont tell them anything.
the fire nation is too powerful to worry about childrens superstitions, general iroh.
thats why every time i feel scared..
youre serious?  what we cant do here, well order to go.
charlie, i want her back.
subtitle by sfile. ydy. com, sync , edited by rogard
the college will be providing and enriching..
well find a priest or a spiritworker.
only one smell was not there
you hear that, rango?
what am i supposed to do?
how far sir?
i cant believe you came all this way.
none of that civil disobedience in my town, thank you very much.
i have to find it and clamp it.
only what you can carry.
im this way because of jacob.
until i get on my feet?
scary as hell, but a total rush.
im glad im not you.
im not done with you, fish.
my name is john locke.
if youre feeling so abused, why are you bringing this to me?
you think theyre not just sitting there, waiting for you to come running back home?
well, its just as embarrassing for me as it is for you.
so we can go?
we were told in our initial briefing these warehouses were abandoned.
you have every right to lead your own life...
well, katie, im calling your mom, then the cops, because i dont tolerate stealing here.
you know what is charu doing now?
maybe mammoths are going extinct because they put themselves in danger too often!
clark, are you sure nobody saw you last night?
and then you destroy all the evidence.
hey, no running.
they hacked the feet off the dead so their souls couldnt walk into the afterlife.
i appreciate the help, but im done here.
i wont have a choice. bella, please, come.
god, i havent been able to eat one of these in years. i mean, not since the bypass.
okay, awkward moment, gentlemen.
people, ive had an epiphany.
yesterday only i had an argument with my client.
call me when the hurtings done, okay?
we decided to leave this island, james. we did.
what are you doing?
i like the rain.
i m dr. harford.
the other shade.
im sorry, sun, but waiting doesnt interest me much right now.
what happened to your glasses?
you guys found the cockpit?
i need you to take me to eloise.
fucking coke and oxy and all that shit?
then, you and i are done.
i really dont know her that well.
schweitzer was the plumbing company that made the toilet scofield took off to get out of his cell.
victoria, ive been waiting 45 minutes.
she means nothing to me.
let me surmise what mightve happened.
im supposed to believe this?
im really thirsty.
i would like to see it, too.
the boars running low. what should we tell them?
it just came out... wrong.
id like us all to join hands for a moment, say a few words to the spirit of the west.
no. no, no kids.
hes not that man...
hope you have fun.
and ive been trying to get rid of it,
no, mom, dont.
dont you get tired?
if thats what it takes.
well, i leave that entirely in your hands.
you got a funnylooking face!
shortly after, we hit the infirmary.
i wanted everything back to the way it was for amy, but youre not interested in love.
thank you. well, its nice to see you still have your standards.
its pretty crazy, huh?
i dont want to know. okay?
i dont like secrets.
punch a ticket at the end of the day slide down the back of a brontosaurus like fred flintstone.
but this little missus better learn how to cook so she can take care of her husband.
do you remember what all said that night,
why are you doing this here?
i wish i could speak whale.
bruce ha ha ha ha! mind your distance, though.
faraday says thats the only safe way to and from the boat.
and now his dads gonna die. because of you.
norman what? norman croucher.
cramps are quieting down.
and what happens when they dont need you anymore?
im not normally such a lightweight.
he wouldnt have left that, sam.
you were gonna let him bleed to death?
lots of travelling, like paris, maybe some beaches, st.tropez.
well, is he using it?
and throws doody at people.
we disappeared off a plane in midair and ended up in 1977.
this is last.  this is last!
okay, uh, this is kate austen and tom brennan.
and like a safe, it... it can only be opened from the outside.
how do you have this?
but. priya, youll be all alone..
youll need this to get the bullet out.
yeah, its a disaster.
and dont tell me its because of some stinking batteries.
hurley! dont even
do you know where my sister is at this moment?
im equally happy to meet you.
with respect, these are the wrong people for a mission like this.
attack it, attack it!
im coming, nemo!  aah!
bingo, good shooting ace.
let me see.
..abu nazer from khwaish university about this.
no, its ok.
good night, charlie.
its an insulin blocker.
unless we stop them.
hell fix it.
theres three rogue warriors behind you across the river.
what youre looking for could take years.
rajahmundry ganapathy shastri...
hes here only.
oh, im a lot more than just an orderly, john.
its only a shark?
but thats not all.
im in the circle of trust.
dont listen, riley.
i cant do this.
im in the middle of a confession.
what makes you think that?
i have been dyin for some payback.
hes still bleeding in there somewhere, and i cant fix it.
he said he had big plans.
everybody wants something.
you wouldnt happen to have your key on you, would you?
were beyond knives.
but not choice.
buy ourselves some time.  all right.
avoiding it and hoping the problem goes away isnt dealing with it.
doesnt your blood boil?
this is what theyre ordering.
rancho, vacuum cleaner... farhan.... that camera cleaning thing..what do u call it?
apollo bars? you ever hear of these?
no. hurley, actually.
nah, its too late for that.
well have to drive them out of the entire country.
well, you bunk with a guy for 48 days, now he doesnt call or write.
but that wasnt the only reason.
jenny considers me her friend.
yeah, and even if she can predict the future, she cant control it. nobody can.
i dont make it to the mainland too often... so when i do, i like to indulge myself.
look... i like the girl you used to be, just like i like the girl you are now.
sir, were looking at a total radar blackout over a 13km area.
pick it up!
michael, forget everything. save yourself.
is that why you asked me to go?
do you want your guitar?
you can do that on your own.
you happy now?
whos he? hes, uh, an older kid who used to go here
so that was my fault?
an idea is like a virus.
im telling you.
we want to minimize their bender sources.
ive heard stories.
and now all day, ive been inundated with calls, smses, oh, im drained.
get the fuck out of here!
things keep getting weirder and weirder all the time.
and youre right.. the first cable car came to san francisco in 1873.
we werent hunting, we were exploring.
am i to understand that you want me to debunk the xfiles project, sir?
first theres the whole leaving thing. i understand that.
open your mouth. open your mouth. anything on the watchlist, george?
i work too hard.
life is difficult here!
we have to think about all the children here.
all navi people know the story.
i have a shoot tomorrow.
maybe you would like to call lex luthor and apologize.
well, come on, out with it.
uh, we got the idea in place, but it didnt take.
is he more important than me?
my face is always this way.
tuna salad and black coffee.
i just want to be perfect.
vasant kunj, do you have his address?
but thats your family, not mine.
its wreckage. looks like it just happened.
people moved off this way.
just a little round of double or nothing.
statics good, right?
here, on the right.
bano, come quickly!
i hear youre having trouble with your head.
we will open it. the island will show us how.
you go wait in the control room.
im so sorry. he charged right past me.
what are you doing here?
hasnt your motherinlaw sent it for you?
nice car...really nice.
im doing something.
hes great. he misses you.
watch this night well over me and teach me, lord, to trust in thee
its true then?
sir, wheres devika?
how much must i pay?
and when you do wake up, come find me.
also in the cash room
she appears to be meeting the blond man with the black leather jacket.
if in the next 30 minutes..
hes ok, though. i had this dream...
he likes to dig.
we need to find a way to translate this into an emotional concept.
ill take another. excuse me?
try to keep your mind off it. okay.
i hope its not hurting you.
national geographics readers digest condensed books and louis lamour.
get in the car. ill show you.
there is no hurdle before love.
so... where is andrews room?
i cant believe it.
an impossible surgery.
here men from the planet earth first set foot upon the moon.
you?  i want whisky.
because i dont trust you.
you want another chance?
i pulled our alleged dead guys license. its registered to a john smith. original.
he either said we should go to the back of the throat... or he wants a root beer float.
but, yeah, if whats in this tank does what its supposed to do, were gonna be ok.
but you just said that...
its not about that. i only care about the music.
why are you talking differently, son?
john, you ok?
yes yes please laugh at me...
basha, your drink.
im working on it.
not reality, not fantasy
you mean towards the guys with guns?
nick, calm down.
papas sleeping. your enthralling beauty torments me.
it was ethan! i saw ethan!
get with the program, eric.
the next number will end 533.
..for the past two years because of me.
please, i need you to stay here just for now!
buried. shes still alive.
if she was murdered, its plausible there was a sloppy investigation.
no one comes to see her anymore.
look, how we are getting late.
your son will be sealed inside. im sorry, sir.
shes afraid of falling in love with me while working.
if you continue at this speed for no apparent reason,
i want a name.
youre fuckin dead!  laughing
quit posturing,and lets get to it.
they have no aircraft, so the air force will tear them a new asshole and we will rule the air.
you understand me?
give me that, you shithead.
guys, we got to roll.
i dont know.  sayid knows. he can explain.
its the end of life as we know it.
i know youre there.
because youre a coward.
all right, well, try this. um...
yeah, i guess.
you really think this is happening?
look, with everything that happened today, nothing personal,
i got something for you.
no one gets an audience with the pope.
ill be back, man.
what are you gonna do?
can we just go?
i feel peace when you hug me.
hey, take your time, man.
you can disable one, but the next one, boom.
because youre one of the good ones, john.
but your sister, shannon...
look how nicely he says sorry.
ive always tried to stay out of the spotlight.
well, what happened?
i want to try and talk some sense to him.
we should make them look at it every day, too.
they had to give her almost six pints of blood...
get your ass in the cockpit and fire up the chopper, frank.
youve bought such a big bungalow.
i made the mistake of failing to introduce myself.
didnt it strike you as curious that there wasnt any security out there?
what did you tell them?
yeah, i got rejected last week.
and if you hadnt we probably all would have died, instead of just my husband.
i know my kids would miss them.
dads ashes wont go to ganga..theyll go into the gutter!
you look like a dope fiend to me. no offence.
we tried to send a signal with the planes transceiver and all we got was the french womans message on a loop.
youre allowed to have an opinion on this.
heard you got in a fight, kris.
you shouldve seen...that girl.
i love you, sweetheart.  i love you, mom.
you dont remember it, do you?
i found this watch two days ago.
come on, let him live.
what do we do now?
ok, guys, come on.
theres nothing we can do for her.
lm just asking.
she may be a little lexobsessed, but shes not the one that tried to off victoria.
locke took the key. hes after the guns.
so, where we meeting at after the drop?
let me out!
he cant take these family decisions.
you may have the blueprints of this place, but theres one thing those plans cant show you people, guys like abruzzi you so much as look at these cats the wrong way, theyll cut you up.
they took me in, made me one of their own.
you sure didnt have any problem leaving him behind, though, huh?
well, what did you tell them?
i dont know, david.
i cant believe im actually going to have my baby in a hospital.
no arrests, but hes been around a lot of crime scenes.
so how bout it?
doesnt matter what i know, i built it.
how are any of these guys going to protect me?
bloody! wants range in death also.
ill be back in five.
i want everything theyve got on him.
ls he not my son?
i too tried to get closer to sam.
we were worried.
this is not goodbye forever.
this is new twist now?
she got her bell rung, but shes gonna be all right.
shih tzus?  i like shih tzus.
if you threw your pack from the chopper, whats that?
why dont i leave you two alone?
thats interesting. that theres a belly button.
what are you upto?
how many innocents did killed in the 6 century quest to avenge your family?
how did you get that?
hes gonna need feeding.
ive got to sit on that!
now you tell me, what is it?
oh unless youve learned the truth
you know, the choice is yours.
and now only five... as the caddy gets caught in the intersection there.
mind blowing, brother.
dont forget that youre blaming the family of a late defense officer.
mr. saito, we can train your subconscious to defend itself from even the most skilled extractor.
i dont want to talk to you...
why didnt you show your license?
boss has still not found out, then why will he find out now?
we were hoping you could help.
one small town in georgia is slowly getting back on its feet.
but we fixed 6000.
but you know what?
but thats my grandmas name, though.
youre kind of relieved, arent you?
get in the car!
everyone i knew disappeared.
get out of here!
i love you very much my son...
you have her number at the office if theres a problem... but remember, shes under a lot of stress, so no fighting, okay?
congratulations to you sayeeda!
sure, i used to watch it all the time when i was in the hospital.
give it time.
wren, you can play too.
enemy elements have advanced beyond the beach.
who says i got it from anybody?
can you deliver this baby or not?
yeah, were friends.
what did you have in mind?
i dont think thats a good idea.  its not like he can hurt me.
elsa, i was sworn to secrecy.
i came with a girl, a program.
..shall we continue mr. hudley.
seeing if he reached out to anybody.
it was the only way i could go through with it.
i think ive been more afraid of the way it was going to happen...
the pindaris have surrounded the fort from all sides.
she told me your mum screwed shannon over after her daddy died kept her fathers money for herself.
let me come back to you, please.
havent mammoths pretty much gone extinct?
his mom said hed be here.
apparently, fibonaccis coming up for air again.
and by doing this youre insulting aarush im your brother!
thanks, man. thanks.
help me get him in.
sorry, dude. i am here.
you never say it.
there she is.
its 75 feet straight up and through a trapdoor.
shes so small. shes young.
considering its all done with...
he had a bad heart.
listen,i dont know what you think youre doing,
i mean, who is he?
what about the legal clinic being a good fit?
yes, you can. you just need to rest.
i cant wait ten years, baby.
so, how about you tell me your story?
i dont want you to come.
its all right.
clark, i heard what happened at mobile meals. is your mom all right?
why are you asking newly?
uh, time to lay off the funyuns, nicky boy.
im fine. im fine, damn it.
yeah, just getting some more firewood.
ive brought prada.
i love you, priya.
and now hes trying to cover it up.
couldnt find any matches?
no more secrets.
i know you wanted to work with no distractions, so dont pick up.
ill catch up with you later, clark.
eric, put me down.
youre not this... this devil!
that it was beyond your control.
theyll shred you into pieces.
tell us what?
i got the mange!
not in life!
if our country is so dirty..
he makes up for not being able to have your own kids.
after everyone weve lost, i cant lose him, too.
theres a delay.
countermeasures will begin.
i think that weve gotta leave, jean. im gonna head back now.
yeah, go ahead.
we are coming after you...catch him quickly.
please! eat my face last!
clear as a bell.
thats why the judge has asked me to be shut away.
well go to the crash site together.
then okay. but i need another ticket.
i cant hear anything.
someplace with enough water for everyone.
a pair of odd ducks, then.
first of the months coming up, john.
nobodys gonna die.
on all fours, it was still taller than a person.
youre no ordinary man. shes coming with a catwalk.
we have known each other for three years.
am i supposed to be happy for you?
i got the shrink ray!
i wanna stay.
thats something only rich people say.
general iroh, ive been keeping a secret.
miles,is it? oh,you dont want to share.
rohan he has reached his school.
very good. and you?
you two, go with me.
jesus, trevor, whats wrong?
come back home bhaiyya.
are you feeling sad for not taking you?
we are conducting an investigation.
theres smarter ways, too.
i ran away from home because i dont want to stay in hostel, uncle.
i wanted to crush him but youre planning to send me to top.
well, theres a family there.
the fragrance of your tresses.
but know this he will lie.
now you choose your ikran.
what the hells the matter with you?
i know how stubborn you both can be.
well done, captain.
congratulations, clark. youre this years scarecrow.
would you mind coming with me for a moment?
you know, if theres anything that you want to get off your chest, you can tell me.
my bank account.
if i marry an indian boy.
thank you, but im gonna figure out a way to make my own money.
your hiding in my chest.
we piss ten times a day, are we doing it in fear?
ha ha! nemo! i dont get it.
im jonathan kent.
i dont have it.
well, whats the word?
i wanna discuss death match.
lets do this.
much better, thanks.
whale?  a whale!
thanks for saving my life.
hey, baby, its me. are you there?
l place you on my eyelashes so you are in my dreams forever
just have to find an address, thats all.
i see two of them, but not the one who killed alex.
i need more time with him.
it made the papers and got his picture in look magazine.
it was all my fault.
see, only i know the balance and the weight of this particular loaded die.
youre gonna get yourselves killed!
this is not easy for both of us...
so we made the plan of eating out.
my father is dead. hes gone.
and, priya, lmmy shrivastav is a very old friend of mine.
we should get you to the bus station.
within six months, i wouldve talked sense into everyone.
i just got us some drinks.
how do i save the island?
im one of the bad guys, remember?
ill see you in a little bit.
why arent you eating your peas?
..or to do shopping, but to look for that lmmy.
dont say it loud, he may kill you.
if i may suggest, deafness is always a good approach to law enforcement officers.
were going to your old house, arent we?
keep up with the program.
she knows everything including the leg piece we are eating now.
bonjour, ma chrie. join us.
get the 50 up!
love is unrestrained magic.
yeah, i can use her signal to triangulate her exact position in the white house.
mike durant, we wont leave you behind.
i m sorry, but i think youve mistaken me for someone else.
oh lord... we cant stop out here on the main.
and whoever survives..
maybe he wouldnt be so hard on you if you werent nailing his only daughter.
could you be acting any weirder?
im clark kent, and youre in smallville.
the box, with its implications of rigidity and squareness, symbolises unimaginative thinking and painful frustration.
now i hit her, she was disturbing me.
about a year early.
im a man short.
hes very interested in finding young, bright minds to enter in these new fields of science.
all this horn proves is theyve stolen yet another thing from us!
unless your names tom and you had a dick.
steadman was murdered so information from his indictment wouldnt be public.
this is where i found it.
its not like it would be wandering around the whole property.
there they go again.
but it isnt your fault.
is a great plan.
i almost forgot. sorry.
dont you think one of the charms of marriage...
i think somethings going on out here. some kind of a sacrifice, maybe.
i take responsibility for that, so im taking responsibility for the guns, too.
answer the question!
wow, you really smell.
unfortunately,your honor,our chief witness,diane jansen,
well, if it isnt the three wise men. hello, dominic.
he knows were lying.
and why is it at times... that even our own people become strangers?
i found something out in the water.
and theres just nothing now.
how can you trust him, floyd?
weve got fifteen minutes tops!
ill worry about that.
i sure hope so.
well. youve been warned.
she is your research assistant.
i dont discriminate, i communicate.
i told you about chloe. i can tell you about lana.
it sounds like dad.
and i wouldnt be unprotected. i have...
well, who cares?
do you know where she works?
i think weve moved past coincidence.
our times demand..
im glad he did, clark.
im sorry. bye.
jacks got a satphone, headed for the helicopter.
sun, whats wrong?
do you not like playing?
listen, im sorry.
yeah,youre gonna be fine.
because its cool, katie. i got it when i flew to dallas by myself.
sir, theyll find a job some how sir.... there wil be atleast few companies..
i practiced the coda last night and
the doctor is fine.
you got all of those right?
please, ma. hes my son. i have a right.
ive already got the password.
thats why you were so scared in the night.
come on, you guys, stop it!
and sometimes answered.
some people are meant to be alone.
now what do we do?
thiss for you my son.
alice took up the fan, and as the hall was very hot, she kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking,
wed do it together.
is that what you want?
what do you want us to do, katara?
to what... save him?
so im gonna take this... and stick it right in the mouth to make it look like fire.
youll be happy.
the sous is responsible for the kitchen when the chefs not around.
the stage is set. the princess prepares to take her own life.
which most said didnt exist.
almost put a hex on the whole damn thing!  missile launch.
hes on me like white on rice!
i can show you how to reach them.
i went to the bathroom and cried after bob called me a poisonous bitch.
building a dream from your memory is the easiest way to lose your grasp on whats real and what is a dream.
he didnt lose that much blood.
sink, i cant do that.
where is the question mark?
youll never fill up my shoes.
yeah. i really saw it.
of course. i will certainly do that.
one is enough to die, right?  die?
honey, aunt is awesome.
like hank williams?
i just figured out how they intend to stop me.
everyone back to your cells!
or die trying, my liege.
i came like this, this you,
fine, it will be decided tomorrow morning..
whats going on here?
you gotta leave the white house.
youre killing me.
its in the kitchen?
youre doing great, okay.
i would climb the windmill out in chandlers field.
you made this?
he hasnt told me anything, but i know, lincoln.
jack, locke, the big black guy that cut off his beard in front of me.
youre a jerk.
just make sure you put that back behind turn of the screw when youre done with it.
you are in great danger.
she keeps the house and you get the cheapass apartment.
lisa, what the hell?
everybody chooses sides, and a lot of guys bleed.
i saw your old buddy henry staring at it like he left something important inside.
you wanna tell us the truth?
not at all.
i dont know if...
its the wicked witch!
however, the fact that you discharged a deadly weapon during the commission of the crime suggests malice to me.
why does browning say you do?
a hundred years ago, all was right with our world.
and perhaps more.
i hope the medicine hes gonna give you does you some good.
spending my saturday nights alone at home tying knots?
yes, we wont inform the police.
its not something i want to come between.
see, there are some boats over there.
i saw walt, sayid.
ive been very clear on this point.
...and it appears theres even more bank robbery suspect is caught redhanded...
if thats what makes you happy, son, i got nothing to say.
if you go on drink, it will get over.
jayaraman came there and found me.
do we have a trail?  jack, this was my fault.
so how does one get into wanding?
whos gonna save him?
hey, hey, hey, hey.
and why would you hold a staticgenerating radio over your head?
look, i put sayid and desmond on that chopper.
i dont know anything!
yeah, i was with sawyer.
whats your point?
seven, eight, nine... tic tacs! where was i?
im stuck here with you and miss all the spring break fun.
you already took it, didnt you?
why are you trying to kill yourself?
in the meantime, everybody just hold on.
we are with you from today.
hello, mom. sorry, i meant to call, but...
..why i was trying to commit suicide.
lift it up. go.
you set me up.
you get some rest.  ill try.
..if hes out there, that i miss him.
you wanted me to be human.
i repeat, we are evacuating the white house.
show you the back of his hand?
this is my war.
his motorcade has 12 cars..
im on it captain.
the last roman to hold the eagle was your father.
that death was the only escape.
peggy, what are you doing?
they mess with everything electrical.
kate, locke said youre on hatch duty later.
you think this isnt gonna get out? itll be on the coconut telegraph by breakfast.
whats a legend?
tell him your work is critical.
ill clean that up later.
mind how you go, sir.
you wanted to talk about your life..
someone put us on this rock.
you shouldnt be here.
but the voice i heard jus now..?
i made this herd...!
you know that, right?
just be careful what you say to him.
and that also is very convenient.
are they yours?
where the hell did they go, tubby?
thats thats great, hanna.
give us them robbers!
you said if you wanted my spot, you were gonna take it.
please make me a real boy so my mommy will love me and let me stay with her.
i dont know. maybe she had a thing against aliens.
well, i am anyway..
come, lets eat something.
birthing emergency averted.
oh, theres no need. we know what happened.
what the hell is that?
she found thright trail, too, but you wouldnt listen to her, so i guess shes taken matters into her own hands.
ranchhodas chhanchads degree..over there..on that wall i want i went away to london for four years ..n he kept studying in ice using my name he had a deal with my dad that after gettin a degree from ice
walt is with your husband
i had to send my son back to the island,knowing full well that he was my son,too,eloise.
they make technology that could get me home.
your excellency, through here.
we just kind of met.
is not without difficulty.
by the way, mr. vishwatma, tell me something.
i think theyre gonna eat us.
and i just thought that that with all this stress...
whatd you do?
to be with you.
ill not have the lords name taken in vain in my prison.
im sick of feeling like this all the time i wanna forgive them.
look, man, im telling you, its him.
its a glass eye.
i made a picnic.
i wasted my third wish.
henry shook me.
im the swan queen.
but if anything happens to her if i think anything might happen to her im coming back here.
ask yourself why they picked you.
you and locke kiss and make up?
more..more..amore quick quick iron my sherwani!
ill send it to you.
you be sure to tell her id love to catch up, all right?
sarah,there are things that i dont remember.
sit back properly.
okay, 10th mountain provides security for armor, walks us out of the hot zone.
it wasnt my fault. he dropped me.
i figure we owe him that much for the beer.
then i decided to leave the place.
and youd like to see their faces again, wouldnt you?
yeah, i did.
you know, cleanliness is close to...
but since these guys started showing up, all the little gizmos inside turned on.
its good money.
we are officially home.
never gonna be able to do it by yourself.
would you leave if it was your sister?
people of grasse awoke to a terrible hangover.
go on ahead and wave them through, officer.
she still has to fall for it.
ive spent the morning going through the local police files.
because youre my sister.
i thought i cant escape this curse.
just return my nandini back to me.
why did you think that?
well, im afraid ive got some bad news.
attach this antenna up in that tree. as high up as you can.
take the staircase on your left
i leave tomorrow.
but i never told them that..
its almost perfect, thank you.
clark, that doesnt make any sense. how can he walk around if hes dead?
my father was the strongest man i ever knew.
its not gonna happen overnight.
lie still. still.
go, go, go, go!
boseefus, give them some gumbo now!
have i been i chasing you?
mom, why do you always say so?
thats the racket we gotta get you into.
whats that mean?
youd think someone that stupid would have a thicker head.
no, no, ive decided.
dont panic, folks.
well, its early for me.
i dont get it.
they are gonna cut him out of you.
im sure they will be here soon.
that thing is huge, man.
youre asking me a question about whos on top?
you wrote this letter.
the same way we did last time, bro.
i said put her down, frank!
or fucking be smart and boot it.
if you change your mind, heres my card.
and nadia... you left her, too?
why you going east?
were not even sure its a map of this island, are we?
if the vows get over..then our marriage will be over..im already married pia..
its the ok corral.
get out of my way!
jack? what happened?
im sure that you will. youll get that chance.
it has nothing to do with you, helen.
mistake, don seenu committed a grave mistake by beating my son.
well, ive found sometimes that friends can be significantly more dangerous than enemies, john.
howd you like to have a little fun?
michael, you should.
get away from me.
you kill him or i kill you.
you dont know that!
and what makes you think i would just run away?
i never been to disneyland.
and it resulted in your taking ownership of this restaurant.
can i leave this with you?
i checked it myself.
immy, last cheers for your last can of beer.
youre not her.
but ma, if its a question of money, i... sighs
kate could teach you. shes a very good teacher.
when does it happen, lex?
now ask him again.
hes either dead or chilling in costa rica.
thats a twoofus.
your name is james, right?
i like sad men.
father, you dont worry.
your son will identify him.
one day using this methods... ill become successful n show everyone and then ill laugh.......... and ull cry!
after you were shot in the leg and i... wandered out of the jungle to patch you up?
or because the people coming here intend to do us harm.
we should do it where we can see it every day.
hey, cooker, what are you doing here?
hed better be.
the thing is its not really my call, sun.
they dragged mom away the same way when we were babies.
i dont care who you are.
jessica bailed, and angela got the stomach flu, so erics taking care of her.
that sub behind you brought me here.
are you all right?
that sanjay singhania... he has it.
look, you want me to testify in court,
and ordinary people wont be able to understand your concept!
what are we supposed to do about that?
ashish, whats wrong with you?
and when the russians go for this, were a 10 million company overnight.
i have come to give you three wishes...
i dont know if he cant, but he wont.
feds picked him up.
what is it?
you told me he was a perfect candidate.
how can i keep quiet?
you can cross over at 22.
why did you come after me?
this isnt happening fast enough!
you hang up the phone.
my shaving cream, my batteries, even my beer.
sir, im very sorry.
his name is castor.
the treatments are not working.
at which point, the patient went into cardiac arrest.
where is the special order?
how much more means that it would be a subtraction.
have you ever been to a funeral?
just one man ran over them, who is that one man army in his gang?
listen, its not your money.
pick me!  heres the game.
the whole house?
make it to the other side.
hey! old guy!
its a minor setback.
tell hendricks to try it.
shes slightly mad.
mother, i cant hear anything...
yeah, that sounds right.
no need sir, if you dont believe me, ill kill myself.
that was my last word.
london, new york, milan, paris.
there was no henry, there was no martin.
man, im all over this.
we might do business on a board, and ill carve the pieces myself.
do you remember what you were doing last night around nine oclock?
what, youre talking now?
look, i feel really shitty about what i did, and i really want to make it up to you.
otherwise we have this bullet.
look at these people, look.
owen, why dont you go to your room...?
how can you talk about suicide?
dude, i know how this works.
you made a mess of yourself.
hey, i got it. i got it.
im telling you this, scully, because you need to know.
you are exceptionally odd.
in the end, i took pity on him.
hes filling all his work time with...
and once hes safely contained in the pipeline,
arent you? well, havent decided yet.
what happened to you guys in that meteor shower?
i just followed the path.
mr. vajpayee had called for you... he wants you back in india.
better that that.
when we both know very well i didnt murder her at all, benjamin.
has sameer made an ad about the wafers or the bed?
pandora will shit you out dead with zero warning.
we saved the day!
no problem, anytime.
i mean, they need you here. i get it.
miss walsh, you in here?
monica dont imprint until youre entirely sure.
then please, i have to file a report.
it was a misunderstanding.
its okay. youre okay. relax.
do you need a lift, soldier?
you didnt make it.
some of you could get killed because of me.
it should provide us some protection.
she is a part ofthe family.
she wants you to ask her to the prom.
does anybody have any water? no, not here.
all of you go along with him.
move it faster, mate. too slow!
keep your eyes in your head, man.
hes torturing us with his calls, right?
all the time you two spend together.
i suspect hes killing mathematically.
there was no will.
you spend three days in a horse carcass, living off your own juices.
was he trained?
how many is many?
and she couldnt break free.
just a minute. will you pay me all my dues tomorrow?
i cant believe both whitney and chloe are gonna be out of our lives.
all i can tell you right now is that we do have a plan.
take nicholas to your room to play.
we gotta get out of here.
my bargaining stratagems show some promise.
are you all right?
what have you become?
why are, why are you panting?
theres nothing we can do about it.
someone will see us
people who didnt have one of these?
thats like an ideal son.
holy mother! whats that?
and whilst still alive... be dealt twelve blows with an iron rod... breaking the joints of his arms... his shoulders... his hips... his legs!
why you want to see burrows so bad anyhow?
well, i guess someone told me?
in actual fact, gretel, he was sent there because he failed to inform the authorities of his fathers lack of loyalty to the party.
dont cut me out of it, please?
helping you find your dad?
youve really got to stick those landings, clark.
but what if he returns?
do you suppose we should talk about money?
you two are trying out for the football team?
i mean, you deserve some retail therapy too.
im already in the dark.
get online with space command.
that run in the family?
as you probably noticed, weve had a little trouble with the latrines, but we have someone working on it.
here, ill show you.
and i believe that you learn someday for sure sir because i never leave my weaker students hand busted
the kind of crap you have to deal with?
aang airbended a sphere around them, and ice formed.
and while youre at it, tell me about this colonel thing.
im sorry, but if you cant tell me the patients name, sir,
i know what youre doing, michael!
most mineralogists didnt handle the first apollo moon rocks.
do what you can from the air.
she must apologise.
its my favorite book.
isnt he the man you want?
hes not going anywhere like that.
breathe, charlie, come on.
though your brain is empty.
what about you, clark?
we are just two people who werent meant to fall in love but we did.
we have a very limited window here.
youre different with him.
well, are you still on it?
i will look deep into your eyes... and drop by drop...
..is the one i..  good morning!
arent you tired of waiting?
do you remember where the medical station is? or dont you? yes, i remember.
now im holding in my hands more money than most people ever make in a lifetime... and all i wanna do is get rid of it.
it was a distress call from a french woman.
oh, sweet mum you got there.
you either have very good aim, or... very bad aim, mr...
i hope you feel the same way.  i do.
why are you staring at me?
bruno, i was just coming to look for you.
stay away from my sister, get it.
what gives me the feeling youre not here for stock tips, mr. luthor?
theyll hear you.
come on. come on, come on, come on.
if you want to live, you need to come with me.
where we headed?
then act like it, okay?
youve been fuckin with me the whole time, havent you?
sometimes life has a way of moving you past things like wants and hopes.
our hearts go out to you.
the last time we met, you warned us the others were coming, which they werent.
give me little time.
okay, stop, child! stop right there.
i just how do i put this?
get rid of them and have done with it.
somethings pulling the drill down.
how did you find it?
look, im not gonna discuss this now?
didnt expect this? im like that.
like i said, unless the old mans in, its not possible.
did you get it?
beautys ensign yet is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks.
our black knight squadron...
sign the damn paper, woman!
i promised that little girl that i would get her back home to her mom.
or is this about you getting back in good with the mob again?
even got the perky nametag to prove it.
i have to figure out what to tell people.
luthorcorps environmental record has taken some serious hits in recent weeks.
rosalie told him why i came here.
he isnt a good swimmer, and its a little too soon... for him to be out here unsupervised.
..to tony day after tomorrow.
no way, its my room!
hello, im dr edgar halliwax, and this is the orientation film for station six of the dharma initiative.
i just want to get home.
and if it was a night alarm... you would get to put your fire suit on over your pajamas.
didnt want him using up the antibiotics.
hey,i just wanna say,ii... i wanna say thanks.
i wasnt talking about myself.
he was only afraid that if he did go to hell, that dog would be there waiting for him.
what do you think of yourself?
besides, once they hang, your job is done.
i think we should say hes mine.
for bringing me the sandwich?
you were yelling at her.
does she take the bus?
i got a new life.
we might be able to better detect.
soon as his partner leaves with the coal bag artie cracks the herald, and he dont look up till the guy gets back.
l dont think she wants to leave.
only when you get emotional, youve difficulty talking.
hotel parking lot on van ness.
you need to evacuate the island of all nonessential personnel, and you need to do it...
let him know ill call him back this afternoon.
going down. doctor loses hands in freak accident.
oh, no, no, no.
sound the alarm!
the delusions have passed.
we know where she is.
every time i try to help a woman on this island give birth it hasnt worked.
what are you doing in sydney?
thanks to that man..
ill explain later.
i know how strong the need can be to find someone to blame...
i am so creeped out!
last night after you left, when i saw the cake somebody had cut it very badly.
i hate needles.
will you calm down!
we must get them away from the music!
why are you dejected as if losing to him is new?
i dont know, but he knew how to get to me, and he knew where they were going and what they were doing.
places hed been in jobs hed pulled, women he fucked.
he died long back.
she has left everything she was doing to help you guys...
how long has he been here now?
is that right?
well, the one from mes not wrapped, so it doesnt count.
because maybe i do!
i never wanted to see another police car in front of this house.
no, john, i dont like it at all.
it seems hes very big goon in bihar.
im surprised theyve let it go on this long.
so, your dad died, huh?
i saw a guy lying there with an ankle holster, so i took the gun, thought it might come in handy.
what about lilli?
are you so beautiful, priya?
so david went to sleep too.
hes the cook.
im trying to solve the riemann hypothesis. uhhuh.
youve just 2 minutes.
but you were just in it for the money.
the class clown hasnt changed at all!
he shouldnt leave, nor support him.
hey, marty, calm down.
and they took all their belongings with them.
have you ever had the chance to see him play?
okay, lonnie, hes winning big. its now or never.
yeah, i think ill stay with you guys forfor now.
no, you always carry your knife in that pocket.
wouldnt wanna spoil ourselves, now, would we?
do you hear me?
you love it over there, huh.
were not at war, faulkner.
cant even think about trying to escape until the sedation
no, i cant stop myself!
your ass over here.
forgive me, but the day i start trusting him is the day i sold my soul.
the jew here means the entire jewish race.
what will we say vishal?
a group of us got to the emergency door and got out before it went down.
it means camp of sid!
because theres a match.
you will win every game..
i was sent here to protect you in the event that extractors tried to pull you into a dream.
it was weeks before we found the radio tower.
youre walts old man, arent you?
i mean, who knows who shes gonna invite?
ive told you.
the bus is leaving. dont make me tell you twice!
and once i believed, that the creator finds his urge no more
theyre not who they say they are.
dont be scared.
so congratulations, michael.
she didnt tell you she wanted me to have custody.
he made deals with book clubs, charity groups.
but hes making a special trip out to see me.
once shes dead... then youll understand how i feel.
this told john something, that he had cleansed this man of all his sins, that he had freed him.
you know dad...
i brought you here to talk him out of this insanity.
gru, you and i have been working on this for years.
chandangarhs army is overpowering our army.
i did see phelan again.
lets see how far he can go
you never told us that youre coming with her.
green light, kilo 11.
why would you leave her there?
lets tour around italy.
no complaint has been registered.
i just want to click my heels and get back to reality.
well, i think youll find the vampirelhuman divorce rate is a little lower.
he wishes very much, kill him.
64 is going in hard.
no, i cant do this.
you told me you were trying to help people.
that means sandy is hetals aunt.
i want one lakh, how much..
ever get to visit him?
can you just keep driving?
then you fire this one, then you turn on the antenna.
but there were two more people who were sadder than us ranchhoddas chhanchad..first row..right of the director!
i got one priority right now, and thats getting my kid off this island.
were practically related!
you, top of the scaffolding.
this is all a mistake.
no. i was just... resting my eyes.
dont bullshit me.
i know who you are, boy.
i never wouldve even made it here.
what do you mean?
so, you know what to do?
okay, my turn.
how long for this time?
yeah, i was just at the medical center.
get this stuff out like he said.
house is very big, guru.
you did everything that you could do, and you came very close to dying yourself.
youre going to give us away.
i was undercover.
no! you shall not!
hes in stadio ultimo.
please, dont go.
i dont know, i thought there was a prowler or something.
professor and my compliments to you, sir.
,and the fly, who can travel at 20 miles an hour, ...leaves the tire of b and flies to the tire of bicycle a and backwards and forwards until the two bikes collide and the poor little fly is squashed.
what does she want from me?
weak in hindi and english.
until sadly one of his marks in despair took a gun, shot up his wife, and blew his own head off.
no.. she teaches aerobics at hyde park. to children.
snapped my left leg. now that... that was bad.
during preop, i was in the room with him.
first give me the moon. then well talk.
im in trouble now, aint i?
good morning. good to see you.
its time we showed you what weve made.
so howd you get out of gym class?
i stood each day, staring her way
ive been talking to the chaplain, and theyd like me to decide on who i should, uh, have at the, uh...
maybe you should go see the nurse.
who put him in charge?
we know they kill.
i cant believe pete did this.
brother, let me introduce you to aarushs family.
he did it with one bullet!
that cant be him.
idiots... respected teachers,
pick the lock on a halliburton.
mulder, what happened?
this is all my fault.
you did or did not experience it?
yeah, ladies dig the doctors.
well, there you go.
theyre building a studio.
i decided to fight for lana.
its the weakest link in the security chain.
dont mention that whore.
i want to tell you something...
32 years without a blemish.
okay, listen to me.
i should have told you.
get up. youre coming with us.
terrence steadmans still alive.
helped rid the world of fascism.
how about we dont get seen?
maybe one down.
okay, i will give you whatever you want. you just stay away from my family.
ive lost it.
and then poof, no more simon stagg.
come on. well both be happily married in the morning.
im having trouble getting my head around this one.
sure you wanna make this your problem?
you know her?
what are you waiting for?
talk to me.
you look great today.
part of a crew that we tied into the bank job at north end and at least three other armored car robberies.
ok.  lll get the first aid kit.
i thought i was coming to this..
are you the pizza man?
go back there.
how could you bring her here, dom?
ill meet you in the hallway.
what did you say?
and now, to put the past behind us once and for all,
there is earth right beneath your feet.
where did these come from?
how many seconds has it been the last time you two were together?
breathe, youre ok.
what have you got?
got weeds growing in your cell?
the boar. nice work, you know.
you went to medical school but you chose not to practise.
uncle, we take only cash, not cheques.
well, whats the catch?
you should see your faces.
im thinking about going.
..if i had gone to take our lands back.
i thought i might have to change schools.
i have money.
and we proved that that wasnt the case,
ill kill you last.
a horse who starts shivering suddenly after seeing something at a distant.
this yahoo dropped that phone on you guys so you could find me, and i could fly you outta here.
when was the last time you slept or had something to eat?
now press execute.
nicholas, its me, your mother.
he shouldve sent us to madhavgarh.
just because it hasnt broken...
will ye be wanting some haggis bites?
you enjoy working the laundry?
oh...and so is yours..
mommy will love a real boy.
just relax and let your mind go blank.
what do you mean broke?
we have to go.  okay, okay
barry called in about the robot...
otherwise mummy will get mad! understand!
we got a shitload of c4, and were live down here.
they are offering him a first name in the company phunshuk n fujiashi..profit hearings are.... pia weds suhas!
youre not going to die, all right?
damn, they got shields, too!
its its okay.
not if theyre not looking for us.
what is going on?
it had been deemed classified.
let him stay here.
you just cant help yourself, can you?
i thought i was gonna be the greatest father ever. you know?
ill settle your masters account.
dont worry, im not suggesting anything illegal.
if anyone tries to harm him..
i expected machiraju will be tall like rebel star krishnam raju.
but when i dared to ask to see you myself, i was told you have to wait.
the guy wants out of the marine corps and now were stuck with him.
whoa,hold on a second. dont say a word,kate.
what is it?
down the beach, you can see a bigger island across the water.
you guys gonna move into a cave together, or what?
just missing zakir, thats all.
hi, how are you?
im ana lucia.
she left me with too many chores and a hell of a mortgage.
if you refuse to cooperate, im going to hurt you.
magical fairy who grants wishes...
why would you turn the light on?
not too bad at all.
mister, there is no marie that works here.
i was nowhere near that truck.
were coming with you.
i want to verify these experts myself. ill give you 10 grand a name.
id do it.
cant be done...
they were here with my husband
i never forget my enemies.
... maybe this is your opportunity.
the man coming now is very close to duggal.
i got the address...
yes, only when im upset..
itll only delay it.
you know it and i know it.
not that guru...
so if we screw up, its all on tape.
i want to arrest the one you want to save.
please take aladin home safely.
where do we go?
thats not true.
a whole in the mud.
boone its getting closer!
what do you do in the real world?
do you know what it is?
were gonna make so much money today, beezus.
let me talk to her.
it means we got caught in a net.
he shot you, yet here you are, fit as a fiddle, tromping through the jungle.
nicholas, pack up, were moving to a trailer.
jatin, im editing a song.
she had a blood infection.
all right. ive seen enough.
cant you stay with me forever?
ill give as much as you want.
this could take awhile.
i know, i know.
as such, his illness may have gone untreated far longer than is typical.
jack, when was the last time you slept?
what are you looking at, daddy?
now, these central objects are all the same geometric shape.
terpsichorean troupe of traveling thespians!
no, uncle. we do good deed.
can i help you?
your daughterinlaw is kidnapped.
j.j., punch up everything on level 3, would you, please?
thank you for flying air pandora.
you too have started talking like me.
when he comes here, you go to bangkok.
im not sure.
well, just keep it quiet for a couple of weeks and well deal with it in the offseason.
this chick needs to be slapped.
its been a difficult year, and youve stood by me.
what? what did he say?
hes trapped.  what?
i need your car keys.
correct...you go girl!
as you and the others know, we hiked up the mountain in an attempt to help the rescue team locate us.
so, uh... we clear on that?
we have a guest.
you wanna hate me?
i could bring some. theres a hut full of them, thousands of them.
its not that far.
we spent nine months together, the best nine months of my life, john.
is it gonna do this the whole way?
all right. we stagger.
its like almost being there.
my main competitor is an old man in poor health.
i got to go. helen, helen. helen!
incidentally what is her age?
hurley, theyre numbers.
ill call you back later.
this is penny. this is... kate.
that picture is my finest work and itd be greatly appreciated...
i gotta handle this on my own.
its all right.
paybacks a bitch, aint it?
he always fulfilled them.
locke said he was leaving to save us.
i am sick!
you heard me.
as if that were even possible.  happy birthday, bella.
i understand, chloe.
i dont know.
moat dragon lady.
jasmine can only be picked before dawn. we all know that!
lets go, sit in.
now, thats what i call respect!
on the business schools leadership commiee. melissa likes to play the game when shes fairly certain shell win.
if faraday said get people off the island...
and what are you trying to do?
things we did before.
and im merely asking that you tell her that i miss her and that this will always be her home.
hey! hey, lady. okay, you made your point.
we dont, actually.
cover you, man? here?
why did you do that?
like i said, definitely rigged.
dont lie to me.
locke, hes a murderer.
we dont have much time.
have you seen whitney today?  yeah.
what was going through your head?
i feel the route is clear to me.
whose address is it?
mummy made this for you when you were still inside her tummy.
you dont have to give me all these.
its completely private.
it was my brothers fault.
whats he saying?
thank god she has jack there to comfort her
did you see mine?
which is why youre enjoying a luxuriously long midday coffee.
its about to happen again.
i want to make things.
even if you cant see me remember im always there...
please. please do something.
biker hounds rolling.
defensive lines are being set up in boston.
unbuckle your seat belt.
hes on the roof!  anyone know where the master file is?
darling, whats got into you?
jack, please, just go.
im aware of their manoeuvring capabilities.
you can call me later, but i gotta go.
remember when you said people keep their darkest secrets hidden?
l want my baby.
look, why dont you just relax?
have this letter dispatched to the marquis de montesquieu immediately.
you were hauled in here thrashing and fighting. as you were being escorted by, you kicked my desk. and you broke my mug.
you must come to goa.
put on your wig!
let go of me!
gasps  i dont know!
on the floor!
you say cant do, impossible, youre useless man.
of course we will.
well, its been a pleasure, frank.
we... move around a lot.
you probably heard stories about me.
did anybody see you take it?
i mean, you sold that book for rs.30..
im on streets changing my style and with my broken hindi.
why do you want to see burrows so bad, anyhow?
youve got four victims. all of them died in or near the woods.
you put up reward posters.
no, theres time.
hes got to be pleased with that.
ill get it back only if i dont have, im not blind.
lana, are you okay?
is that because of the cutbacks?
theyd be stupid not to give it to you.
can you help me?
you think they really blew up the death star?
sheriff pronzos on vacation.  really?  yes, sir.
it was a misunderstanding. but...
there was a bright light.
i thought you didnt think ofme as your son.
and i told you to stick it.
no... 1200 euros are gone.
i thought it was a real nice day.
what was the closest station circled?
and a couple.
okay, ammi. i have to hang up now. ill call later.
these tapes are timecoded, not floorcoded.
why did i have you brought here?
i was just with jake.
of course it was a joke.
because he attacked me.
you made it pretty clear you aint blood.
but hes got his hooks in you so deep...
congratulations.  so youre here to rescue us?
i dont know what you said to that boy, but whatever it was, he doesnt want to see you.
ok. i dont appreciate the sarcasm, but ill do it.
prince mahendra pratap singh is veer.
the other two are the ones you want.
ill never play games in such serious matters.
but were not on the best of terms right now.
the moon beams simmer brightly
love you very much.
are you aware of the situation in iraq, mr jarrah?
i just heard from the looking glass.
i told her i would not grant one.
lts funny, wanna see?
youve reached capt. sam cahill.
a and j essay due.
vishal, after that night i may never be able to sleep again.
that thing kills people.
only so many people know how to use c4, chief.
i was brought unconscious to her camp.
hail the king of madhavgarh.
whats the matter with the little squirt?
how close are we gonna cut it?
what you doing?
oh, the good doctor!
take him with you.
because the men on that helicopter have every intention of killing us all.
why dont you look like one?
you need rest, claire. sun, tell her.
find the way to the exit. remain calm. everythings gonna be okay.
the best part of it, everything that we need is right in our own backyard.
thirtyyearold single malt.
im gonna keep my eye on you, shorty.
the whole time ive been here, it never occurred to me to commandeer the alien spacecraft.
help me claim it, and i can bring peace between us.
untangle my tresses.
my father only knows one way of dealing with competition.
theres no way to override.
..youll have to pick them up as well.
to receive gods forgiveness you must be penitent for your sins.
make its copy..make its xerox copy..quick!
im not going anywhere.
yeah. yeah, i know what you mean.
how long can we stay here?
i know you wont find lmmy.
you just take pauses while talking.
this is a new world.
i mean, do you think.
now its just trial.
did your father really think he could hide you here forever?
how are things on the party front?
dont worry, though.
wait here, mr. acton. and dont leave.
how was it that you came to me
arent you going to ask about dominic?
funny i never seen you before.
dont you move!
d has come...
so, what do you need me to do?
now, turn around.
youll be eligible for parole in half that time.
whered she go?
i was coming back to check on you.
you going to see any of that?
no, sir. he gave it to me.
you and the sheriff are more alike than you think.
oh, im sorry.
all units be advised, there are friendlies behind enemy lines.
i was out jogging, didnt wanna go home, kind of ended up here.
take your own time.
a few of them came. the new people.
brother, bless us.
i have to bring her back.
my father would have seen to that.
the compound well be using to share the dream creates a clear connection between dreamers whilst accelerating brain function.
but ill start by stealing something of yours.
is that one of your favorites?
why are you naked?
so you would give us the latest farming equipment and technology.
centurion of the first cohort of the ninth legion.
but not as much as your daddys cooking!
in the past, i have made no secret of my disdain for chef gusteaus famous motto, anyone can cook.
were shutting down for renovations on saturday.
get out. move away from it.
he said, your mother left.
ive been in fox river nearly three weeks now.
i saw this and thought it was the greatest color on the planet.
pretty much. well, there is mr. hamilton.
you have to rock it out.
make your peace, lincoln.
what the fuck?
she wants us to go here, john.
insurance ran out. thats a good one.
youre not a good liar.
dont scream, madam.
that theyre untouchable.
it may have come by mistake.
all right, get him up. lets go.
so if you want to kill her, go ahead and do it
my name is john locke,and im responsible for the wellbeing of this island.
oh, my god, wait, hes moving around.
cut the line, ill call you later.
saw what he wanted, reached out and took it.
im sorry sir, i cant help you unless a crime has been committed.
see all this? its simply shaping tomorrow.
know whats making you stupid?
knocking on door  quil
im freaking out here as much as you are.
viktor is not the savior i had lead to believe
if you didnt kill terrence steadman, how the hell did someone make it look like you did?
we come across anybody from the plane, well...
i would advise that you follow through on your promise soon.
shes just gone.
but im fine, thanks to you.
let aladin go first.
my birthday is this spring.
i have to bring them back.
nobodys i hope.
oh girl, youre mine.
i have enough. i need you to do me a favor.
where are you?
well, dreams, they feel real while were in them, right?
youre saying this here jug was empty when you found it?
we dont havmoney, clothes...
where is sanchez?  that is an irrelevant question, reznik, im asking you.
that i would never have anything good.
with fronds like these, who needs anemones? hello, nemo.
dude, theres a body bag back here.
even if u are prime ministers son, i wont accept ur paper!
across the marina down the dock
with miniguns and 2.75 rockets.
yeah, im okay.
whatd i tell ya, huh?
its me, fernando.
were all set.
good luck to you, sayid.
ill deal with you after i serve this gentleman.
what... if we met up afterwards?
how long you gonna keep up this hunger strike, henry?
technically, they pried it.
fine, ill light it.
how about my little brother?
the pin is 4882.
thats where my andrews from.
im gonna kill him.
well, i intend to strike back.
show me that book.
i dont want to talk about it.
i want in.
have you thought about the consequences of drilling into that pocket?
now come here.
the only difference is that on the night of our honeymoon..
theres no case file on billy miles.
the prosecution made its case far beyond any reasonable doubt, and we know that we have the right man.
we have to go now.
well, i met a girl.
prem. youre like this..
a lie said for a noble cause isnt a lie.
im sorry i didnt tell you before i enlisted.
now..how do you expect to impress ellie with that attitude?
no, you may not. and thats final.
yes, i do.
sarah, mark and reese had become a part of our world.
that money was for tom.
ill learn everything. slowly.
it is not my normal business.
the ones who came here with you from the other universe?
what will you have?
that doesnt seem to have stopped you!
i came to see cassandra, if shes still up.
just give it to us.
what do you mean?
i will change the color of your fairy for you.
no matter what.
lets get the fuck out of here!
but i was wrong.
you can barely breathe. were going to rest.
sayid but ill remember his courage and i know he will be missed.
but i didnt do it.
if i want your praise, i will ask for it.
john, we have to find out who these people are and where they came from and why theyre not interested in rescueing us.
michael and jin getting along?
did you see what happened?  most of it.
you wont find such a flat.
this here must be your daughter.
youthe a good chance to get that boy arrested.
i had to.
they werent on the plane.
nowadays you come home late.
they are kids...
you have hurt me.
and whats that, benjamin?
we wont be needing you.
i know, sir.
it fell... the plane.
give me the first six numbers that come to your head right now.
i guess i shouldnt even bring up that amys got an obsession with you.
you want it?
in police records, hes a friend of mine.
theres no time now.
baby aaron keeping you up all night?
that i was pretending.
what do we do next time?
what are you waiting for?
i can work in the dark, but my lamp is broken.
ill act like i too dont know youre not the real man.
the stolen money was recovered in her school locker this afternoon.
because you took him,kate.
what the bloody hell did you do?
she did change my life but after leaving me.
be the truck! be the truck!
i can see it on your face how upset you get when you think somebodys being mistreated.
im not going out of my own will...
a man has... a right to some privacy.
and dont go headtohead with that ram, or hell have you for lunch.
her name is nadia.
mummys off for a walk, so its just you, me, and the baby.
why are you hitting me?
sorry, brother, i cant sell you this book.
till today..i have listened to whatever u said, today..just once.. let me listen to my heart!
yes, well, we could file this and if something suitable opens up...
vishal, nadia has seen your ad.
i mean, nobody understands.
are you all right?
stop romancing, first decide about our marriage.
martin, put the fork down!
we dont want them
its not a place made up of things you can touch.
hello, is anyone there?
..than seeing his daughter happy.
marie my waitress.
does it even matter?
but youre all gonna have to listen up!
what line of work is that?
i dont see anything..
and youre okay with that? you aint hearing me, kate.
i took a young man to the bomb.
looks like ryan has found himself a new family.
talk about tightly wound.
one of them, the one celebrated italian perfumer, giuseppe baldini, had set up shop in the center of the bridge, called the pont au change on his arrival in paris over thirty years ago.
what does it mean?
its not about the ending. its about the journey.
theresa falls up the stairs.
listen, hows my afternoon looking?
remember your initiation, bro?
did he leave me a message?
this is the best honeymoon suite of our hotel.
its okay, sawyer.
you said you failed her.
... foradmittance. but may i ask, what is the password for the house?
if this is some way for you to get the blonde, go to hell.
stay with me, baby. stay with me.
just tell me what runs through your head.
maybe we could postpone it.
the archives go back quite far.
where are you?
they know something.
i gotta get up anyway.
flynn took ownership of encom in 1982 as the company skyrocketed to the top of the tech industry.
we cant pull it off.
i know weve only been together for four months, but i have been waiting for him my whole entire life.
then why are we sitting at boones grave?
he went after claire.
he said it was because he thought it was the right thing to do.
miller was operating the mill in long sleeves.
that flows through all living things.
but the film says this is an electromagnetic station.
ill never let you hurt them.
i always watch this show.
im not mad at you.
you dont know my wife. shes tough
hes in one piece.
thank you. there was only two.
so it is only right that family and friends are all...
i know who it is.
you got it.
fevers still up there.
dad, dont leave me.
its unfortunate we met the way we did.
forget about this whole highschool thing and try out for a pro sports team.
take charge of the shop, chnier. and dont let anyone come near me.
look at these goddess aquatic bitches.
then i found out about these soft and smooth wafers.
and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this worldwearied flesh.
the projector, the screen. show old movies.
there was no student by the name of lmmy..
can they make that route in an hour?
being in the woods, it was like...
i keep cursing myself for that, aunt.
i shouldnt have left you like that...
theyll love you...cmon.
he makes me feel better.
im just your driver.
hector told me.
no, aarush, ive decided to get you and sandy engaged tomorrow.
we were aiming to disable it by firing shotgun rounds at a fuel stop safety switch, and so some shots were fired.
this is your home...
wheres your disk?
your address was in his pocket.
here we are, in air voice.
babies are fragile.
sid! we were just kidding!
crow has made me dirty.
if you did you wouldnt get her here...
im not questioning you as a suspect, hanna.
i checked the intensive care ward.
are you going to kill me?
everythings under control.
mr. stevens visited nearly a dozen banks in the portland area that morning.
how do i explain you?
all bye, mom!
you lost it, man.
raju..wake everyone in the hostel and tell them that we want car battery, wires, tool kit and vaccuum gauge.. come on
smelled you since you got here.
and then well move on.
the following april, he did tax returns for half the guards at shawshank.
theres your boy now.
ok guys, youre here.
i will arrange for the money.
he was found in a girls hostel with a gun.
im not well...
we found luke.
make it a double!
maybe its other survivors.
enough time passes you get so you depend on them.
..but cannot do..
and she broke her hand.
thats right. i heard you were quite the bad boy before you joined us here in smallville.
you wanna try it.
14k one submission, 14 kills.
here we dontve any talks related to new ideas,no talks on inventions only great talk on only marks, or else job in usa we dont gain any knowledge here sir... here they only teach us how to bring good marks... now are you going to teach me how to take class?
why are they all in red?
and people on the outside people that can help you disappear.
your father came to see me.
but nothing frightens me more than the thought of losing you.
hey, youre pathans wife, yet youre scared.
the world is at war.
this is not good.
one... two... three. push.
when you came out of the tub the phone was inside.
felice chandler, whats the problem?
what if we do all this work, and the pipe is ten feet that way?
sign it.  sign.  sign it.
but be prepared to proceed with your case after we return.
tis i, the muchanticipated hero, returning to rescue his emotionally unstable maiden!
well, yeah just thought i might take a walk.
and in a month, hes getting the chair, which means no one up this river is more dangerous than him, cause hes got nothing to lose now.
im actually not sure hell be able to walk again.
she can go anyw
for someone who wants people to keep an open mind...
you know the children have made a plan to go to the fair... i was thinking ifyou could join us it would be great fun!
i ended her curse.
no. any time, em. come on, you know that.
marcee what are you doing?
i want my job.
yeah, id say way before.
look, im not touching you.
come on, we gotta go.
why cant you accept that ive found someone special and unlike you, im willing to take a chance?
welcome please, play the music.
if you make this wafer eatable, then it will better for all of us.
i mean, thats what fathers are supposed to do.
keep their seating separate.
im not saying that.
tried to score the last box of jujubes before this place is sold?
i got a better landmark.
leave her alone. really.
you want a waffle or somethin?
it means dark territory.  that sound like a place youd like to visit?
they are hillbillies.
what do you mean?
wed better head back.
i was walking in the same direction, trying to reach the edge of the preserve.
i didnt tell her that.
it really, really hurts.
yeah, i got to say, im not really following what youre saying.
why didnt you warn me?
yeah. im lucky.
i think youre referring to a redundant storage area at the base of the plant.
i dont know.
jam it up there in the stomach, and these bits right here hook the intestines.
no! what are you doing?
now are you telling me there is only one line on that boat?
ins said they were being sworn in as u.s. citizens at the time of the robbery.
yeah, yeah, yeah. youre a good friend..
ye that followeth me shall have the light of life.
be willing to get your hands dirty.
im so sorry.
couldnt you say in simple way?
what are you doing on antidepressants?
you didnt believe me when i told they were two.
you in the back... in the back, stand up straight!
i think i found a way to get you back to your wife.
thanks for bringing appa to me.
and aarush stays in his home.
thats it for the escape plan.
no ones stringing anyone up. not while im sheriff.
whats her name?
stay away from him!
i guess a boy just needs his mother.
get out of here! fast!
whites dont want you, blacks dont want you.
what if my heart fails because of joy?
you knew i was here to tell you  no, im not listening to this.
and then you just react.
van nuys airport, 830.
thats great, bernard.
but i didnt.
you need to call chloe.
do you wanna come?
live from terminal island, televisions most violent, most disturbing, and most watched programme in human history.
you got a plan? we should take the zodiac, head to a shipping lane.
i came to ask for the part.
u eat the biscuits..eat..
you dont need to explain, papa.
youd have to ask him.
no.no, i was and that is why you were pretending to care about aaron, to convince me to go back there?  i wasnt pretending anything.
its your turn.
that you work for machiraju and you went to foreign on that job.
maybe youll just give me some time,
go on, shoot
you gotta find a shield, man.
lets see how i do tomorrow night. have you seen trevor tonight?
no, but i...
captain, scofields credit card transaction history.
dog, im on the phone.
its my last chance.
hes a son of a bitch.
come on, get a good whiff.
a round trip ticket to see mom in florida.
what is done is done. do you understand?
i left home to find a job and a place of my own.
i only want to finish off all my enemies.
look, i know i made a bloody mess of it,
goodbye, mr gru. thanks for everything.
you are not a thief.
no, im not at work.
can you do that? yeah.
then you know.
welcome to russia, sucker.
cant we give him a small place in this big house?
theres an honorarium.
ruptured spleen.. spleen.
the veal stomach, i get that.
alright ladies, lets bring the pain.
kelly, come on, trust us.
no, its fine. im okay.
now, when she is having her little titties squeezed...
yeah, our friends think were crazy. its great.
you need to ask for help.
if you dont allow me to render it inert, all of us are gonna die.
i just want to be with him.
no. you escaped, you stole my gun, and you shot him.
hes dead weight.
brian and i are getting married.
move, move, move!
kellerman.  youre where we discussed? yes.
okay, cut the call.
did you listen to desmond?
..where we saw the movie dostana twice.
itll tell us when youve uploaded the virus.
it doesnt look bad. its your windpipe.
i wanna talk you through it. what?
you say you get lost in her thought.
i dont remember.
no more talking in line.
were supposed to break ground in less than 20 hours.
this love is a meditation.
gave your mother a taste.
is not funny, you know?
i was doing a photo session in rockefeller plaza...
well, tell the crazy son of a bitch i said hi.
where were you?
i thought we had to save our energy.
behind the first door was a beautiful girl.
and what did you tell her?
but first, let me introduce you to my friends.
what do you say, hugo?
you are so important to us, david.
and how are we gonna motivate him, john?
you dont think we should be here.
they could still be out there.
his brains already fried.
now im just a jolly green joke!
im sure miss markham could arrange something.
do you? you want a piece of me?
what the hells wrong with you?
alright, mandira, youll join us on monday.
cmon...shall we go and have some ice cream?
chandar, tell me. whats love?
actually, one of thems female.
whats the price of brinjals?
theres no one here.
isnt that right, ben?
and he wants to adopt walt.
how about you leave the bottle, slim?
how many girls would be so lucky to become duggals daughterinlaw?
id like to know more about you too.
this is our chance, friends.
is it all the way?
the good news... is that youre here now.
im ashamed to seek your forgiveness too.
ive what youre searching for, priya.
im sorry but i find geology even more pointless than algebra.
youre not a doctor.
cheeseburger, extra bloody.
what are we gonna do with him?
i think its time for a surprise.
so, uh... hows sebastian?
i had to lie. but you believed me so easily.
where are you off to?
were the circuits like freeways?
you just have to live with it, i guess.
i still remember the day.. thats the last time i heard you laugh.
hes digging for something, maybe a worm.
my speeds gone too.
its common to get hit in pubs.
team c, anybody?
get his arms!
youve been staring for the last ten minutes, richard.
lets take it from the top.
ill call you back.
im still working on it, but looks like twoperson shifts every six hours or so.
i got doubt when you discussed about halim with salim in old city.
you said you buried your wife.
where you at, john?
nice to meet you, kevin.
you took time out of your busy schedule to tell me that?
dont you ever come back here!
special agent frawley douglas macray.
many things frighten me, mandira.
for what? theres a crack in the casing.
...go elsewhere for chocolate
no. three francs for one rose.
will? will. were alright.
subtitle created by the ydy. com team, edited and synced by rogard
we got a problem, man.
how many guns do you have left?
when do you start this job?
but you make good choices, good...
and thats what were here for.
gonna get a signal fire started so they can find us.
i tried to tell you about him many times.
my.. only best friend.
the board meeting is at eleven thirty.
i volunteered to be on the firing squad, and i did my duty without a single ounce of remorse.
ill take my chances.
yeah, that. that. i want to do that.
this looks sweet.
im very scared.
both chuckle  i spy a sean.
now and later... the flavor cant be beat..
whatd he say for himself?
i did when i was younger.
dont press your luck.
he didnt really give me a choice.
commander, do you have visual?
neither do i.
sean, what happened to you?
that is disgus
clark isnt here.
at least he thinks so.
they took him because of you.
that guys after me! help me!
like a mirror.
about the person who sent the freighter.
i can restore your status at wheeler.
we found you out in the jungle last night.
you do it yourself, john.
no, thas cool. ill be whoever you want me to be, honey.
he matched part of your dads license plate to the hitandrun drivers.
nazi engineers were attempting to build a portable atomic bomb,
now stop it. youve already drunk a lot.
what happened last night?
we need to prepare. we could be back at the caves, organize a search party...
ali knew all of our secrets, but...
i cant sleep with all that teeth chattering going on.
you dont think that it means something?
but for any of you who wish,
the logging unit was never shut down.
i just... twisted it.
he refuses to eat well, so hes all skinny.
they would destroy you, david!
parcher its not that simple.
what shall we play?
which wayd that boar go?
i dont know. he wasnt on the list thing, the manifest.
got your meds for you.
our expansion plans for moscow include getting drunk, laid and ending up in a russian prison, all at the click of a button.
like i said, theres nothing to tell.
faa pulled my license.
look, some day for you, ill..
this is all your fault!
half a dozen truck drivers who hang out in that place where i work.
why is this happening?
i made a happy life for myself. hello. yes, sarah.
six weeks. that never happens.
but he was supposed to arrive three days later.
jake, jake you copy?
i am what you made me!
theres a pot pie in the freezer!
prem, are you alright?
do you think michaels a genius?
i cant ever go back.
what did you major in?  ec madam.  our batch only.
some kind of... plot.
i have no idea who that is.
what makes you think i have access to that kind of money?
my rent cheque bounced.
is something wrong?
mama look at my painting...
oh, yes, well, my friends call me that.
gentleman, do you have this nuisance?
as long as you use the companion ticket.
a long time ago, i was.
is that what youre telling me?
is there a reason youre here early, or do you just enjoy busting my chops?
i havent been outside for two bloody years!
their bodies are just as frail as ours.
sit here till then!
if i toss these into the woods, you really are gonna need a tow truck.
i am capable of enjoying myself without him.
i lost my scholarship, kent.
earning your trust.
would you be so good as to excuse us for a moment?
i hunted with ethan, i spent time with him. i never sensed anything off.
possum.... possum.... possum
you know what, john?
now, lets make this absolute perfection. now, just one special touch and youre ready.
take any of those days you want.
i didnt want you to find out this way.
well, perhaps its me thats getting smaller.
we are. theyre called internal affairs.
i cant breathe!
i designed the place. no, youre with me.
is gonna be an accident or illness or old age,
its my fault.
have the cabinet members rendezvous here, well take them to norad.
i fear that your son is not only incompetent, but also a traitor.
you have three seconds to answer my question.
they did something to me at his plant in smallville.
thought you might like to take a shower.
are moving from steeles position to the crash site as we speak.
you got a real name?
he wants to pick up where we left off.
last year it was, what...
i was part of something special.
i dont know when you will come and where you will go.
hate to interrupt whatever the hell it is youre doing.
whyd you come back?
just imagine the secrets it holds.
but do you know what his real age is?
shes gone to manali!
hey raju, farhan wants to tell u somethin on the webcam..
xander quits, shames himself and the entire brotherhood.
not the welcome i was expecting, hi.
how long did you have that case full of guns before you decided the rest of us needed to know?
thats why they call it sacrifice.
fiancn means chandrakala.
our new sheriff has been playing the hero for so long, hes actually starting to believe it.
yes, my lord.
but this field is where your ship crashed down.
we have 12 days until the moon is in optimum position.
nobodys going anywhere.
i dont know how to end these.
what did you do?
great. not only do i lie, but i look like a wuss.
im going after my son and nobody is going to stop me, ok?
and forget about the fact that the rest of your people are supposedly 30 years ago...
then can u imagine wat i must be going through!
my sisters help.  didnt get me? just a minute.
mr perkins, your son is here.
dont talk to strangers.
bank manager, lets go.
when moon hides in darkness you throw your amulet quietly in front of that spirit.
you cant stay.
you know why not, and so do i...
wait, please. john, stop!
looks like were having curlytoed weirdo for breakfast.
...behind lance corporal guerrero.
i can take an iou.
good afternoon, sir.
were on, guys.
i promise, im not a criminal mastermind.
there was only one place they could go.
for that reason,
its definitely... around...
and then andy says, mr. dekins do you want your sons to go to harvard or yale?
you know, be the one.
you may remember reading about it.
dont you think?
the only way i can help him, is to show him the difference between what is real and what is in his mind.
good day, gentlemen.
but this rat, hes the one behind these recipes.
i would never have bet if i knew spiro was injured.
i wasnt aware of any indictment.
ill come back after the job is done.
yeah, thats what you usually find in a hive.
why you wanna see burrows so bad anyhow?
is that supposed to be irony?
because 30 years from now, shes the one whos gonna tell us how to get back to the island.
hes just kidding, agnes.
too right, mate!
we wont marry without dads blessing.
i have to say thats the most amazing story i ever heard.
its longer, but its the safest way.
see you in florida, kid.
dear, im telling you as soon as tillu arrives..
let me explain. im a drug addict. i was a drug addict.
but at that time, those deaths wont be for revenge,
she now understands why her family was killed
and you might be, like, 32.
you know, we got to get down there first, check it out.
it couldnt have been sayids father, and it wasnt hurleys.
we do have a plan.
what the hell was that?
mandira was here.
nothing. nice to meet you.
im sure it was.
you see, back home,
hey tats my bag..
i know clark, hell be here if he can.
this is a remarkable effort now to get to the front of 777.
to pick up lockes body and take it to the airport.
i already consider you my sister.
no, what im trying to say...  what will you say?
cut him out of my life?
itll be over before you know it.
bob, theres a gaping hole in the house.
its widmores boat.
this is most improper.
something tells me no onell care.
yes, cause the only way that mardon can.
she had to bring him a cake in prison.
if i start loving, half of the germany will be after me.
fuck all of you!
ladies and gentlemen, the survivors of oceanic 815.
where are you?
today, i swallowed a bug.
throw the smoke!
if i was driving you nuts... static crackling ...its just because i love you.
wait till i get another plane!
we are making our final approach into washington, dc.
thats what i thought youd say.
gabbar singh, shall i consider it a yes?
a total genius.
and i you.
i just dont know how to talk to him.
you have thin doors.
ive only got two hands, you know?
then i want an indian partner to dance with me.
i feel divyas aunts prediction is going to come true.
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. cool.
im sorry. my head hurts.
right behind you, jackass.
hell elope you, take him with you.
it expires soon, so you might want to use it this weekend.
priya, actually i and my girlfriend had a quarrel a week ago.
i have to tell him what happened.
sheriff solomon, please.  please hold.
we couldnt tell anyone we work with because of my big promotion that i had coming up.
wait for it. wait.
why are you looking so gloomy, lmmy?
then work wont seem work but a game!
i was just trying to get to you, but you drove off and crashed.
okay, so, what are we doing out here?
yeah, i got one friend.
at the police station they asked me
besides, this is my battle to win or lose, and i am determined to win.
what is this place?
probably just an animal.
yes, hes very attached to it.
uh, nanaomi, the parachutist.
youre gonna kill the engine.
you were supposed to be on the pill.
lets hope fischer likes what he finds in there.
well gain the upper hand then.
back to the barracks at dharmaville.
two. two days.
and i will never let you go again.
what are you doing with her?
like you did on the freighter.
can i get back to you?
you last saw caspian at the shuddering woods, and the quickest way there is to cross at the river rush.
why dont you turn around then?
a little slice of heaven.
whats going on in here?
it wasnt real?
well, miles, sounds like youre not gonna collect your 3.2 million.
wait. wait. wait.
you had to watch your own daughter gunned down right in front of you.
yes whose taking the vows over there?
those things are coming for us.
really? did you bribe him with pills?  cut the man some slack.
you didnt have to do this.
my first hard earned money. 5000 rupees.
let whatever happen.
surfers, hard northeast conditions blowing out there the ocean slopping and chopping.
i tell you what, how about every sunday we have our own special breakfast?
get her back, nate.
i mean, he killed a guy.
anything you could ever want!
tell me the truth.
this better not be another damn russian spy job!
ill be checking up on you.
you just had to have it all, didnt you, ghost?
i tell you that im one of the only people in the world that think that that plane on the bottom of the ocean is a hoax, and you didnt think id believe you?
thats a great idea.
i am afraid that..
this comes from philly himself.
i hope its not too late.
and i think that we should all be privy to.
why would i need to do that?
with a high degree of probability,
a terrible business the slaying of your family
all right, you two stay put right there. were going to find a way around, and well meet you there.
i just wish it would stop.
to be honest, that parts a bit of a mystery to me.
send the car.
ive had to sacrifice certain aspects of my relationship with you so that hundreds and thousands of patients will live
do you want me to...?
i dont know...maybe you guys troubled her so much...
because... when i woke up in the jungle and i realized i was back on this island...
fire nation sent soldiers.
i want back in.
we dont want to throw this in with the garbage.
if edison was only worried about the consequences, wed all still be sitting in the dark.
where are you from?
oh, mr gray.
ill come with you.
theyre not my buddies, man.
we can just alter it.  yeah!
so i wrote that letter.
first tell him the truth.
i think hes coming back to say sorry.
i wish we hadnt.
is this about the pictures, or...
infections not so bad, but im going to give you a shot of penicillin just to make sure, okay?
hes young.. quiet!
fell off the tree, fell all over the pavement.
i could pick it up, and i could call my son.
no. remember what dad said?
..that steamy night we had together?
but the next day at school,
if not much, then something.
well, your beds gone, ma.
he had me.
white collar officers!
guy started running, we chased him.
its a burning star.
what? i dont want you to catch cold.
making my way, hoping to find somebody...
welcome media. see the suicide first time in italy.
listen, i just want you to know how honored i am to be studying under such...
but am i to assume that your offer to help isnt completely without an ulterior motive?
whether our time is good or their time was bad, they have become dead bodies.
get it together.
names tanya. tanya walker.
with your permission.
ive been selfish.
do you know when we are?
ben is coming in with me, and if thats a problem, im sure jacob and i can work it out.
we know exactly what our place is.
i think schools here.
you will make us priests and we will fly the drugs out.
it just doesnt seems real.
you just wait until gru sees my latest weapon.
i thought you had more faith in me than that.
ill go there by myself...
two tierone personalities may be present
follow the yellow line.
i never said we were friends.
whats going on with your head?
prem, your friend salman is here. prem.
i cant go outside. theyll kill me as soon as i show my face.
let it be.
this is not a good idea. i saw him five minutes ago.
so, in this dream you saw a plane crash, right?
i want the son of a bitch who did this.
heres your shirt.
we got we got alot more.
wherever he goes... i dont want him to miss the warmth of a mothers affection.
thats why they use the fake beards.
i lost my wife and my daughter in a car accident.
i was told i was coming here to fight for my country but now i realized that afghanistan belongs to its people.
and now here i am all alone.
no,no,ive got the files.
i have a plane to catch.
so i always wanted to know, what does a book editor do?
hi. imim looking for leticia barris.
nothing. so, whats next?
yeah. hey, claire, do you think maybe you and i could...?
im sorry for the mixup.
its your turn.
waste of food and water.
what did you expect?
david, i want david, listen.
one butter dosa.
this has nothing to do with you.
i just gotta wonder, why did you kill him now?
dont everyone congratulate me at once.
no, please believe me...
who just so happens to be dating his partner?
thats not what the president said.
youre scaring me.
i went back there to bury my wife.
lets just find out exactly whats going on around here. all right?
azhar mahmood, omar khan..
i dont think i can do this.
were not out there long enough.
i told you, i told you. ive told you a thousand times.
have you no sense of decency?
i can let the world know what you did.
here, let me show you how its done.
you let go of the steering wheel, ahab.
my son and i are gonna have a little chat about family loyalty.
so i figure we follow the money and see where it takes us.
but you know, maybe.. maybe theres somebody at school..
what are you gonna do?
is there anything you want to bring with you?
thats it! todays the last day.
happy birthday momma!
its ok. there.
i try to give you the benefit of the doubt,
we cant hide forever.
! my bad mammal jammel!
i went to his lab. it was in an attic. it was...
may i borrow him for just a few minutes?
we sonarimaged the wall.
ive got a wife and four boys in seattle.
youre not a coward.
okay. thats how it is, huh?
theyre trying to get us fucking killed!
ham radio operators from new york to japan trade rumours of military forces in hiding, unwilling to reveal themselves for fear of annihilation...
maybe if you wanted to say something, you know, about your husband.
clark, man, whats wrong?
and why would i do that?
lex, whats going on?
i want my shoes shined every morning, my coffee hot, danish on the side.
he has to keep going.
man, what happened to you?
they are killing machines but they are still fish. you can catch them or kill them.
would you say the same for him?
yall best get used to it.
open your eyes.
what do you want?
and if thats the case, our best chance of staying alive is to let them keep thinking it, all right?
look, i know youre upset.
i did not need to see that.
its that bad, huh?
its very important that you survive whats about to happen here, john.
and they lived happily ever after.
you know when most people are lying and they cant look you in the eye?
and my goodnight kiss?
honey, i wanna call the bank tomorrow and cancel the loan.
and, jack, thank you.
in here, though, you face your fear, you open that door... and theres a hundred more doors behind it.
the sea of sparkles?
where am i going to make up that 7 minutes?
i need to catch a 545 to toronto.
then wat else should i call him..?
but jenny, about me..
where is your bag?
i say, yeah?
why did you lie to your brother about me?
its just easy for stuff to get in the way.
youve got to go up there now and physically tell them!
but i dont have the physical strength to do that.
are you sure it was me?
didnt i just say, dont ask?
hey. what happened to that picture of us in iraq with that camel?
try to talk him out of it.
now where is he?
this is my friend, the badger..
youve had him down there four days.
freddy, we need some flare guns.
two hatches on a plane. could be forward... or aft.
hes part of me, harry.
sorry sir. no crime, no information.
dont listen to those people.
i have to do this. i need to.
you seem to be doing just fine.
..to know who is on time and who is late.
i got scofield right here.
not the legacy i prayed for the morning i watched them enter this world
that simulated sunlight, is that because you never leave?
youre gonna do nothing.
theyre not bears.
what happened to him?
is anyone there?
ive got eight months to get into the best shape of my life.
he was a confidence man.
drive safe, now, ok?  yeah, yeah.
youll never know unless you ask.
i knew your wife before she passed.
shes on her way.
do not leave your children unattended... all unattended children will be eaten...
at least youll put us out of our misery.
i just want the 10 million dollars worth of jewels that are on it.
he doesnt quit all the time.
you come to our island to run your tests, you fire on us, and what,
well, thanks for your help, john.
what do you mean, an understanding?
detective miles and i wont let anything happen to you.
if we do whats written in that journal...
im trying to help you, shannon!
all right, turn it off.
hes lost a lot of blood. i dont know how far locke had to carry him.
how old are you, sweetheart?
he looks very tough.
am i not traditional?
it let me live.
that sounds real good sir.
any piece of metal or plastic tubing.
hel, help me...
and shes moving fast.
she protects only the balance of life.
roxanne was scouting just south of here, and he was just standing in the water.
should we try again?
i deserve it.
ill tell him if i have to.
lets discuss there.
i just want you to know exactly who you are dealing with.
yeah, ive got a young woman whos looking for an unidentified male.
we have to get him back to camp.
but then when he goes missing, she comes to me and she says,
yes, yes, im nemo!
but then nishi refused to stay with you, so...
shes not who i saw on the tow truck.
mmhmm, hmm, hmm.
more than merely asleep.
i need a fourthree.
i dont care if you want to kill me or not.
actually, id rather you didnt...
first there was no reservation.
he doesnt know where he is?
becausebecause he wouldnt want me to.
i am sensing hostility.
alright, well, just hang on to the independent.
you can have anything you want.
but, joe, wheres blue fairy?
ok. wide open space. check the radio, see if were good.
bella, is a trick!
he never said they were miserable.
shall we talk alone?
please, call me lex.
fine. ill do it. but youre gonna be lookout, okay?
clark kent, man of tomorrow. kind of presumptuous, dont you think?
take out your instruments.
i already gave it a shot, but i figured i might have better luck with some support.
youre kidding me.
then who do i thank for the meal?
i found him and i found the whole world. whole world.
the explosives are in the hold of the ship.
im not ready! no, wait!
all right. and what about the marked bills?
hey, come on, all right?
yaar..virus will suffer a heart attack hello.., hello whenever his daughters are getting married..we come off to ruin it!
we just got to make sure they stay afloat until were off in utah, doing what we got to do.
my apologies, dr. hamilton.
no more calls.
so how do we open it?
first he did engineering..then mba.. n after that he went to america to work for a bank... heeeh if he had to work in a bank only, then why did he do engineering?
when i turned him into ash, when i turned him into nothing.
you dont have to raise your voice.
i live next door to you.
aladin, lets have lunch.
youve been telling me that since i was ten, mark.
and indeed, mightve done so altogether.
jimmy, you cant bank at that speed!
it wont be long before youre anchored to the perambulator.
the first when his son starts walking without any support.
why the marines?  i dont know.
what we didnt know that his girlfriend was in the house.
hes here seeking revenge.
what are you doing here?
im touching your shirt.
wont you tell me that?
no, no, no i going ill send him.
move..move..move..move doctor..doctor.. emergency..emergency..
i absolutely love it.
its a month before my birthday.
all over in an instant
im going to take care of him myself.
we both fell for a girl name roma kapoor.
and his eyes!
thats my baby.
if i find out youve been leaving butterflies in her room youll know about it.
no, its out of the question.
why do you believe him?
guess you believe in hell, then.
im sorry, but everyone who was in the rear of the plane is gone.
36, 15, 28.
they need you...
itll put restrain on this house.
we need help!
lights changed on me.
no, shes in vegas with her husband.
i was thinking maybe we could try again sometime. how about saturday?
i kind of tripped one with jack.
a day some meddling oaf stuck his nose where it didnt belong destroying your business and ruining your life?
does jack know youre coming to me with this?
theyre saying he makes all other villains look lame.
roger that, uniform 64.
all i have ever done...
on monday, im suspending the players. end of story.
i said, drop it!
i dont want that to go away.
shes trying to save him,and i sent james after her to help because they actually care.
so, we should take a sample.
thats what he says.
this used to be my office.
shes my eskimo.
then why did you hide it from me.
i, dr. faisal rehman, take an oath that im ready.
well, whoever they are, they know we are here. we need to leave this beach.
they just got the vest.
now i have less money than i started with... and i started with zero.
you think im insane.
but... that is effectively what youre telling us, right?
come, uncle pinto.
talk to me.
we have made a small world for ourselves here rohan.
must have been pretty humiliating.
he lost his job a few weeks ago... and he acts like hes not worried, for our sake, but i can tell he is.
walt what are we looking for again?
yeah, clyde was no saint, but he was family.
so, why arent you still friends with the girl who used to live here?
when will i see it?
i dont think its a good idea.
you gotta see this.
the mountain dacoits have terrorised our valley.
why would i do anything to her?
do tell my husband not to be so disagreeable.
we lost our dog the year before and i wanted to make these posters in case my mother was lost someone could call us like the guy who found our dog.
dad, you cant possibly be upset.
pleeze excuze our sun hoo didnt doo his homework.
my god...you guys are so boring!
itll have to do.
why dont you go and get some rest.
now you get into the ia, and you get me those files.
she knows that were best friends.
why is this idiot silencer shouting so much?
get out of the water!
i was hoping you might help me answer some questions.
and this year, simultaneous to the release of encom os12, we will be making our debut on tokyos nikkei index.
i know youre fine, but i can carry your bag.
but i got you a little surprise.
give me a kiss.
what are you doing with the baby?
ive heard so much about you.
i want to sell these books.
travel is war these days.
what did he say to make you such a believer?
we got a problem with the elevators.
why do they call it that?
arturo, michael and i have some business we have to attend to.
a few disclaimers.
they were called.
our tox screen showed a blood alcohol content which, for a man of his size, probably brought on myocardial infarction
you know, from this angle, you look just as good as you did when we first met.
demolition runs in the family.
well, when you tell your burro story, thats what hell do.
thats what she said.
just tap the gas, lightly.
head down to the basement.
you said you were kidnapped together?
sir, its impossible for anyone from awing to get into sick bay.
its canola oil! darren, why dont you get dressed?
she was running?
what are you doing, son?
a giant chococcino with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, caramel and sprinkles.
how can you speak?
it doesnt matter what i do.
maybe instead of getting bent out of shape you should just work on being more essential.
i visited a patient at his home, recently.
we should climb up there.
no, my professor, he...
passion thats dope.
but thats not true at all, is it?
where are you headed? north.
this is the perfect time for you to ask her out.
hey, where were you?
you know, i used to think he was some kind of conspiracy theory wacko.
auto, come here!
come into my arms.
i mean i could spend days...
tanya, pick up his gun. that wont be necessary.
gusteau had no children, and what of the timing of all this?
i am wheatish. mother was wheatish.
you know what?
not with her.
..and as he passes by every table..
getting through this wall is just the beginning.
lets do it.
its my birthday. its my birthday!
oh no, her aunt is visiting her from bangalore.
well get you help, andrew.
age was never an issue when you stuck to your guns.
when we get inside his mind, were gonna have to work with what we find.
do you remember anything about the accident?
he offered jem to take boos place,
i call him... puppy.
and when the next story crops up, youll check that one too.
i couldnt repair it.
howd your aunt take it?
one at a time.
all right, my ass.
well, they are, arent they?
we need him.
but now, baldini was out of touch, out of fashion, and spent his days waiting for customers that no longer came.
by final year ull learn!
way to go, clark!
whats in my heart wont change i cant take my words back
im sorry. i had work to do.
whatever comes to you.
and then i came here..
look at me. im a flippin little dolphin.
mcknight, we need you to turn around and head back to hawlwadig.
have you got something to say to me, sawyer?
this is what tariq was doing before he took over command of your intelligence unit.
initially, only 187 british came to our country.
that you, me and aladin stay happy, stay together forever.
what are you doing?
enjoy.... question paper....
dont you want to be famous?
bhaiyya... i have some goons running after me.
..are eagerly waiting for you, okay.
it cant continue!
i mean literally wrote the book on pandoran botany.
thats right. get back to work.
if theyre in there, captain, we got em boxed.
i dont want to.
the end. okay, good night.
i dont care if you were drinking the night alison went missing. what i care about
thats why i never came home.
metropolis university press.
a little louder?
i got something i gotta handle.
i have to go back now!
i say im fine, he says, are you sure? lm sure.
what are you doing, reyes? huh?
if you want me to ell the truth, you need to come out with truth first.
thought id see if you wanted to go for a walk.
hes also mad like you with swing of mood every minute.
shes not going to be coming around here anymore.
where did it come from?
is anybody watching this guy?
so vishu, i found you out after all.
as you get older, your body must be getting stronger.
but now i know.
were going wild, im going wild.
lonnie, get out of the room fast.
thats all youve done in an hour?
because, james, we have to make a little detour first.
machiraju is on line. very important.
well, you gotta start somewhere, right?  yeah.
and the next, its all falling apart faster than you can put it back together.
two more cars flying over that cadillac, our field is further reduced.
well, what happened to live together, die alone?
how did you get separated from the group?
i will retire to my study for a few hours, and do not want to be disturbed under any circumstances.
man, you know i really like jasmine.
i cant hear a word
is she ok?
come with me.
you tell helen yet?
as, like, a landmark or something.
you busted my bike?
can you come back in an hour?
taylor. bob and marianne taylor.
he hates it.
what did you say?
i think we should wait to tell him. i mean, at least till after the fight.
i dont want anything.  hugo, its your birthday.
ill leave you to talk.
alright. where do i have to sign?
i have worked very hard.
a list of devices suitable for use can be found on the cover
theres a reason we have bins labelled recycle!
and i have recently put it to good use, securing weapons for your army, sire.
where the hell had u sent taxi?
air force has got warthogs and b52s on deck.
what is this?
hey guys, you want to be unbeatable?
im not ditching anyone.
remember how to get out there?
hey you speak hindi dont you?
so, do you go to hollis?
no, i think he has stomach disorder.
i am sorry.
the pyjama doesnt come off while sleeping at night.
there was something unstable in that fertilizer.
i told you, shes smart.
hey, ill catch up with you guys later.
and she will love me then.
but i left that world behind for a reason. goodbye.
i just almost died jumping out of a helicopter because you called us for help.
you aint mad, are you?
the citys covered.
mandira, this is sarah.
i dont remember goodwin, and im really sorry about whatever happened to him, but i dont care.
you know, when a prisoner gets close to the end of his time on death row, theres a lot of lastminute sec...
teamwork makes the dream work.
how those birds flew for a small sound.
call the nanny.
get ready to thank me.
the boys a bad omen.
im going to tell rukhsar that i liked her ashfaque miya.
someone shot at us... hurley and me.
look, ive looked over the details.
very pure spirits.
dude,the cars talking to us.
i make you nervous.
he cant do that.
those artichokes of yours.
the engineer, they say, made an error in controlling the train.
what new arcwelder?  ivan, the guy from the swing shift.
i havent decided yet.
i just saw your brotherinlaw here.
but its not just im seeing you in front of me
look, hatch, im telling you i was there.
well see about that.
please, just drop your guns.
aye, temperature, pressure, head speed... its all within limits.
there was a smoke monster and other people on the island.
theyre going out tonight. they wanted to know if wed go.
papa, im bob.
all you need to know about my work here, bruno, is that its very important to our country and to you.
what makes you so sure?
no, im not leaving him!
im getting you out of here.
i got claires baby back!
you want out of here just as much as the rest of us.
so, heres the deal.
it wasnt my fault!
watch the proceedings from a distance.
its his first time at school.
i know what the will stipulates.
you being brought into my hospital isnt fate, john.
yes, they lose their senses in love.
we ate them, too.
well, for someone who wants to retain his paternal rights so badly, you dont seem to know much about your son, mr dawson.
i dont wanna give you anything.
how good of you to come.
thank you, sir.
that my children can never be with her alone...
youre welcome. so lets see what you got.
so? i checked my balance. its looking deficient.
yes. yes. i know.
you havent said a word in a week.
how do you know hes there?
but here, look... you see, the problem is...
oh, so youre trying to get us jammed up?
are you a marine?
have you no sense of decency?
bye. leader oh, hey, maam.
but weve already sustained heavy losses.
kalpana has told us so much about you...
i didnt take it away.
no, no, no, come here.
but there are two complications.
ill be waiting for you.
from 94 percent straight down to 91 pecent
without my supervision or permission she cannot meet the kids...
lost season05 episode05
you got no business out here.
i dont know, i dont know.
no, michael, i didnt.
dude, this is serious.
i cant keep the bus waiting any longer. it isnt fair to the other
you need a little water with that?
and there were all these other people around us.
we should waited outside.  weve already come in, leave it.
we dont know.
when you decided to let me back in the club.
thats when i discovered who he is.
yes. lce cream.
he brought you out here because i asked him to.
so i phoned you to help him.
go ahead and tip his ad back.
laughs is that sam uley?
i saw that picture yesterday, and it got me to thinking of a followup.
is he goanna be all right?
she went out the back way.
how could you leave our kids with her?
dont throw it back.  what?
i guess theres gonna be some words said over the fire.
this is just a business deal.
but a miracle, right?
and why am i getting the news from a 6yearold?
maybe he has got a date by the name tuck jobs
but.. were so in love.
computer switching to manual operation. this attempt is unauthorized.
head cheerleader and president of the drama club.
tucker needs to see you.
no, i trust him.
now theres just nothin?
okay, so, bad news on the dracula front.
hey. im sorry. nothings perfect.
wed appreciate it now if youd leave the infield and the pit areas... and start making your way to your seats for todays thriller.
above all, the law.
youre showing me where the boat went.
this is the reason we have gathered.
lance is a skinny guy with glasses and red hair.
you must prove it to her!
so, youre eko, huh?
youll never take care of anyone.
i think i just coughed up my spleen!
you got hot water in this place?
clark the fishing trips, they never had anything to do with fishing.
the anger that turns into disappointment.
another entrance means space.  this is a mistake. we dont know about these others.
and remember, were aiming for the red circular button!
nobody asks to be a hero.
look, its not my thing.
rousseau trapped him in the jungle.
the plane was up there.
you have to understand, this is just business.
my future soninlaw?
its a strange city.
okay, thank you.
yeah. the last iso.
i know i dont have to mention this...
so im the man in here now.
i was desperate.
i suppose we should bury him.
ive got the microfilm, the new memory chip.
quite the golfer. i believe i owe him dinner after our last game.
..won your love by deceit wont let me live.
and the only way i can do that is if i can give him fibonacci.
and along with it, this book has the method to kill that person again.
couldnt you just stay dead?
give the good news to the staff.
she just doesnt seem like your type.
i remember my first night.
because hes the king?
just waiting, for you.
course, theyll worry someones gonna come looking for the witness.
some kind of game theyre playing.
dont be absurd.
unhand her, you jailers of virtue, or taste the bitter sting of my vengeance!
he thinks im worried about my job.
we were separated years ago.
im sorry, darling. ill be back.
try and understand...
oryoull find no man worse than me
notjust bad, hes the worst kind of bad luck ever.
youve done your country a great service.
vishal, what happened?
how do you know how to do that?
yeah, well, smiths still dead.
brother, gp rajan group of companies...
what about everyone else from the plane?
know what thats about?
whyd you light the fuse, man?
lets wait for a day and go for operation if theres no improvement.
you know how to use this?
and theyre afraid youll leak this information?
by dating guys with sailboats.
you should go with them, kate.
lets start fucking all the witnesses.
shrek and fiona are together? !
you did the right thing, clark. convincing danny to turn himself in.
ls it? may be its him.
hey. oh, you dont have to whisper.
we wont listen even that way.
were a very informal family.
youre gonna wanna use your legs to lift that one.
im going to be out in 16 months.
youre too modest.
youre trying to get that safe open?
have you been out here since...
i said... put the gun down, widmore.
i eat percocet all day just to dull the pain of my miserable existence.
because with her situation, that would be a miracle, brother.
all right, let me see.
how come he doesnt like us? what?
then its up to me!
not at all...
honor lost, all lost.
there we are.
tell him to down the gun.
ill not beat some foolish son, ill beat this bastard.
someone should benefit from my experience.
then what am i gonna say next?
i got five says paul doesnt touch him.
youre my girlfriend,
the only enemy machiraju has in this world is narsing.
hero is coming.
itll be helpful if ive to run away.
she has come.
thats not true, now, is it?
im just not sure youre feeling up to it.
as long as ive got penny ill be fine.
hell! how can a guy lost an arm end up like getting a deal like this?
we were brought here for a purpose. for a reason. all of us.
i promised you 50 bucks over the meter, right?
dont be a bore.
do you understand, jack?
you got another customer.
i cant be so heartless.
your ticket to the dance recital.
oh, im afraid thats impossible. i need to put him in foster care.
no! none of this is real!
officer i work in an ad agency.
maybe we can rapidly evolve into water creatures.
it could take two weeks to find a current.
yeah. i came in the back door and some guy jumped me and forced me to let him in and bashed me over the head.
im here to take full responsibility.
youre not his family.
may i come in?
means if its a boy, then its an engineer and if its a gal, then its a doctor oye champ..u stay inside itself..outside theres a lot of circus!
no, shes dead.
you said, tell me, and then ill promise.
if anything happened to my mom, do you think that nell would adopt me?
if you leave with him, youll never find your husband again.
how blessed i was, but its hard to believe
me and the kid start this weekend.
why you? what does she want?
when did you say so?
after all weve been through on this damn island, dont we deserve something good?
for the past 15 days i have stuck the note on the fridge.
uh, he didnt make it.
hes not gonna take this well.
he has a terrific bike.
the moment you let that door shut behind you.
take off your shoes.
tell me what you want, well train him.
is that a runway?
so thats when you get out of your cruiser.
listen, weve got a lot of catching up to do. essam why dont you come over?
just kill the son of a bitch, man.
though i do envy him one thing.
i wanted to see happiness in your eyes and i too missed it.
i couldnt resist it any longer. so i came earlier, soninlaw.
they are just really, really pissed off.
i love you, mom.
then we were hit.
what kind of business?
art, ive got skinnies with rpgs at 1200.
they killed karl and my mother.
thats good advice, mr. acton.
i got so caught up in the popularity thing i almost forgot why i ran.
you were in a cave for all that time?
thanks for coming.
hows it going?
we see each other every day.
but my children died at birth.
i need to ask you for a ua
and ill need a pack, a big one.
it came from me. my life has been my choice.
this island is bad. you dont bring sun back.
ill take care of it.
were under attack!
wed better get moving.
lll show you heaven.
i heard kyle tippett escaped. i was a little freaked out.
did he add anything?
i dont spare them.
dont rob the place.
no, son, let the police do it. its their job.
you be good, baby.
what if your dad is... playing us?
were the only hope youve got.
he says aspirin didnt help.
when it comes to the law, there is absolutely nothing i can do.
the suspect is now wearing a guards uniform.
november 27, 2007. 823 am.
he only made one mistake...
that was my first impression of the man.
a real one!
the fbi will probably want to put you in witsec, you know, witness security.
so you wont help?
now im not so sure.
ghost has had the jump on us from the getgo, right?
this looks like a disabled vehicle to me.
who is the most powerful man in city?  narsing!
no, that is not my wish.
so i need you to stay close to me. and why would i do that?
ill be there soon as i can.
its your choice, heads or tails, but you know i like head.
i can wait for you if you like.
the tall guy, hes not watching us.
today i will stay with nikki!
you offered to fix my music box.
youll look funnier sucking my dick with no teeth.
im on my way to meet lana to work on my paper.
why would you want to stay?
uncle tommy, wake up!
nobody shouldve security problem.
we lost contact with the mainland.
ive spent the last three years thinking... believing that he was dead.
i dived into here.
ogre, ogre, un momento!
you said you loved me!
dont worry, i will catch you.
carey, open up.
youre your own best customer, syatyoosama.
while i am more than happy.
i dont have a choice...
a lot of bad things.
tillu, you wont understand this.
but i did not know that you and i would have to pay..
this is for jenny.
we are evacuating.
seriously.  its okay.
you wanna knock?  you knock.
now, of course, going somewhere else is much easier when you know that your family are so delighted to go with you.
this game is rigged!
so, what are you suggesting we do, derail it?
easy, big fella.
cmon move it...cmon!
recovered, um...what does that mean?
were almost there.
theres a woman outside.
silly little ogre. you dont get it, do you?
i dont know what id have become without her.
let me tell her that.
emily. when did you get back?
then i guess thats the difference between us.
yes, right now.
when i come back, well have a little chat about what happens to rats who steal.
just that one incident, really.
theresa is my girlfriend.
what, were you trying to teach me some kind of lesson or something?
i dont know whats wrong with him. come on, vincent, cut that out!
it was winston churchills.
well, i didnt want to risk losing it.
dont you feel sorry for me.
ill call you later.
im not playing games.
so when do we get started?
and how is that my fault?
let me go talk to her.
shes tried everything. shes doing an admirable job.
and the reason, of course, is that youre in no position to be making any kind of deals, and we both know it.
i hate this thing here
desmond.  kevin johnson.
there are only four sheriffs in the county.
i wouldnt know.
boy, this is taking awhile.
so, whats that like mister ed?
walk that walk walk  show me how you move it
the pindaris wont attack, as long as you dont attack them.
get back here as fast as you can. okay.
mummys just gonna cool you down, ok?
dont worry, chloe. im not gonna make a move on you.
im gonna be late for that meeting i told you about.
you think hell catch anything? nope.
..point made. now, go on, scat!
were talking about what to do right...
does that strike you as okay behavior?
its very dangerous!
enough, will you do it all the day? come on, take him in.
need me for what?
you have to get something that belonged to your father, ...and you need to give it to john.
and you versus sun, hotoil death match?
new york, london, paris, tokyo
aman i had warned you earlier...
well, how did he survive?
agent mulder believes we are not alone.
what are we waiting for?
i can make her comfortable.
thanks for the lifeline.
get in your car and leave!
i dont eat breakfast, and neither do you.
we have to wait for it to burn out.
yes, but we dont. we have to...
we get the money back...
so why he wants to meet the president..
tell us while running.
so, i turned back.
boys, i think its time to go.
yeah. i saw it.
wait, what after?
that is not my mother.
so, juliet, what do you think of ben?
it really happened.
henry arliss higgins... 3248 hastings avenue, apartment 3.
so which is it?
and you never even knew she was your sister.
true loves kiss was supposed to fix everything!
youll eat them too!
he was sick.  sick?
777 is now just miles away from the significantly...
legend has it that a jar was once found in a pharaohs tomb.
are you feeling shy?
living with kate... taking care of aaron...
dont lie to us, its 815.
what might otherwise be...
if theres one person on this island
but the rest of the people who were on the plane...
its called dribbling, not drooling! dribbling!
my son will become engineer!
was he talking about what i think he was talking about?
people care about the risk and the money.
i have to cut away dead flesh.
near book shop in yellow dress.
why didnt you include any names?
come on, we gotta go!
are you in love with narsings sister?  any doubt?
the little bit of information we have comes directly into this room.
we go find her.
nick savrinn with project justice.
its all right. you were dreaming.
you just killed your own pit crew.
its a flight data recorder. otherwise known as a black box.
open the damn door! open the door!
did you see that?
will, can you read me?
but you are a real boy.
could be, lets check it out.
just to be sure.
kate, im gonna die, right?
its ok. were over here.
were gonna carry him.
will this train be able to be stopped? 1206, connie.
i like the dutch antilles, as long as the banks dont pack up and take my money overnight.
officer, can you hold up a minute?
he will try to kill you.
seriously, i know that things got a little messed up between us, but i mean, holy shit, you completely blew me away!
its a strict triad code.
you seem distracted.
ill have to put you under.
he looks magnificent.
can i ask you where you got your underwear?
i guess thats it...!
let our hearts be filled with nothing but your love
whats your location? over.
are you gonna come in or not, mr. kent?
no, he didnt.
i think i fell on my keys.
enjoy this while you can, stiltskin, because when this day is up...
now, if for some reason the spirits were not involved, that would be different.
yes,but can your car do this?
i think they came, mike.
go to the elevator!
can you take me to 655 18th street, just off 10th avenue?
keep your hands and arms in, close to the body. like this. see?
unless shes hiding behind them and shes letting someone else decide.
nice to meet you, sir.
i should think its obvious, dear.
have you seen the sunset from my loft? you actually said that?
please, have a seat.
im going back.
so if you got some kind of truce with them, it aint been broken.
hey, im with you.
how about you, chum? oh, i... seem to have misplaced my friend.
what makes you think were any safer here than we are in the jungle?
thats what people do.
there is no william parcher.
hello. were survivors of flight 8 1 5.
why do you say that?
we even fall in love only once.
we dont know the same people.
you always try to be funny when you dont want to answer a question.
as i said, ill take care of them, ok?
we move everybody off the beach back up into the caves.
zakir, rizu says its going to be very cold there.
your hands on the table please.
roger, welcome wagon.
when you thought she was gone, that youd lost her,
i needed you to have a chance at a normal, happy life.
yeah, and why not?
what about all that stuff you said about waiting till morning and watching the sunrise?
what are you doing here?
jake hurry up, the waters getting higher
..that a single drop is enough to burn your fair skin.
im proud of you, charlie.
hey, this is the boy wonder?  yeah.
kilo 64, this is kilo 11.
... pleaseletme apologizeagain for disturbing you at this hour, mr... .
nick, ill tell you what.
you cant work.
hello sir, how are you?
im not sure if it was the same guys who trashed my car, but...
dont you want to have any fun?
brightest. and slowest.
she was crying...
oh, bye, mom.
this will make any girl ready to get married.
come on, i think it is space for both of us?
sadly, were the police, not the dating police.
well, i dont.
weve tapped into the surveillance cams, but we havent picked anything up yet.
l dont care.
you have, it appears, a fine nose, young man. but...
look, i came here to find... easy, easy.
detective franklin, we have people here she can talk to.
then were gonna do something about it.
and well surely meet someone wholl change our fate.
not remember you at all...
...at speeds of up to 70 miles an hour in reverse.
ladies and gentlemen, give it up for calci.
he tried to kill you, john.
howd you know?
turn it off.
as concerned as i always am about your personal wellbeing im not here to see you.
...and please watch over us, and bless that well have a good nights sleep. and bless that while were sleeping, no bugs will crawl into our ears and lay eggs in our brains. great.
what do you mean they took him?  from the raft.
thats the best you can come up with?
what about the doctors name?
now who among you will be the next morse?
but thats not true, you know.
ellie, its ok! you can lose the camouflage!
three days inside, and hes already thinking about turning rabbit.
so sorry. i dropped the phone.
i missed my flight.
you do, sir.
tomorrow, well go for a walk in the woods.
who was the first man to step on the moon?
what shall i do now?
backgammon is the oldest game in the world.
do you think she would give up something she needs to a stranger?
you told everything harping dont worry.
ill tell you what, why dont you pick a name for me, and then ill pick one for you.
numerology, now you give the number to everyone, i wont.
if you make it to this ad, youve made it.
some sort of bunker.
you keep asking if theres anything.
thisll never change.
a vendor told me. so chloe had a reporter friend look into it.
what did you see?
possible, but not likely.
..loudmouths and uncivilised.
somebody was here very recently.
as of right now, there is no in.
everyone pays the price now.
give us a minute.
maybe you should go home.
ross beats you, its 10 laps.
this is useless.
devon, the old man wanted me.
he has the, uh, propensity to be a bit gregarious when he shouldnt be.
thats me from now on.
i think ive had a little too much champagne.
by the carousel.
if you find another copy of this book..
ratatouille. its like a stew, right?
and thats not going to happen.
we cant penetrate it.
light them up.
a dangerous and very infectious breed created by markuss own flesh and blood
heres our mission.
clark kent, investigative reporter. has a nice ring to it.
do you really think all this is an accident?
enough dear, i love you too.
did he find this man to love narsings sister?
why are you here, alan?
i hear you got a nice, sweet new girlfriend.
shes strapped, man. i saw it in...
did you find anything?
he lives in my neighborhood.
every trouble is wiped now.
when it concerns the country..
hey, did you smell that horrible smell the other day?
but if i were you, id change that combination pronto.
exactly what i had in mind.
im sorry, but you asked me to do it.
sure, he comes in here.
why dont we take this upstairs, ghost?
listen to me, ever since the night.
whatd you tell him?
dropping off some produce, didnt want it to go to waste.
alicia its near where i work. alicia brightly john?
youve always had a soft spot for strays.
well, you or your family knows people at animal control, right?
lets go, come on, come on!
hey, guy, you awake?
good thing you dont hate me, freckles.
its a news story.
go back home!
what exactly are we looking for?
what, he just did it because he was bored?
hey kelly, i wasnt sure youd be coming back for spring break.
your scan doesnt show the internal structure.
pete, why dont you take your date for a spin in the limo.
then well be even.
its only gonna get more people hurt.
ill be back. please.
its whats in oswego.
kevin peterson, please dial 9 at the courtesy phone.
here we are.
can you give me a hand?
what is this, sam?
anyway, i like you very much.
turn around and walk away.
oh, by the way, you have a visitor.
lets get out of here, lets get out.
she was scuba diving off the barrier reef and got an ear infection and so the doctor grounded her for two days.
listen up, bros, listen up.
you two know how to swim?
sorry, i dont know my own strength yet!
i dont want to go to school...
now, i thought it might all stop when i moved, but here you are.
replenish some of those fluids i lost from almost boiling to death.
whats going on, whitney?
please say it once you are my soniya
sorry to bother you, mrs. dunham.
repeat, armored vehicle robbery in progress, 4th and olive.
and whats the 42 grand for?
thats mr. bldurt.
priya, i know that i deceived you, lied and hurt you.
wouldnt you agree with me, druot?
i guess hed found his replacements.
you need my help!
its a bit of a long story.
tiny father, but thats not how she said it.
then let us go.
tell me to eieio.
if you could do it over again, would you make the same choice?
um, you know, make sure everythings safe.
i know someone who can help.  no!
thats why you screamed at mom every fucking night.
sorry. you know dogs. they go wherever they want to go.
beehives are supposed to be in trees.
i can show it to you.
wake up, please, anybody!
theyre a great deal stronger than us because their own human blood lingers in their tissues.
we can do anything for you.
this is the only place theyve been together, so i think what happened to mr. kent was caused by something here.
no, thank you, mr. kemp.
civilians in need of support two klicks northeast. cables inbound. engage your sectors of fire, over.
mr gray was in need of a friend.
you have fever?
you think people would know a badger when they saw one.
jake, youre, like, buff.
you dont speak french!
no, but her team could have.
i was hoping we could let bygones be bygones.
how long have you known my mother?
between the 10th mountain and un, we got enough personnel, okay?
shameless, you take my fathers name.
can i go throw the ball to vincent?
he has faith in you.
oh, no! sorry. that book was accidentally destroyed maliciously.
because even when i think youre whacked, i show up ready to rumble.
good thing you were there.
you gave four missed calls and then didnt answer the phone...
dont mention it! just loosen up, ok, buddy? dory
and will never be.
but they are gonna get hurt.
two went here and two there.
all right, earl, whats going on?
so why are you out here?
i dont want to do this.
i was trying to argue with him so he would chill, but...
danielle, i can hear you. come out.
to my balloon.
its a type of schizophrenia. if she stays on her meds, shes ok.
i want to do it.
theyve made me a complete liar.
probably couldnt get a library card if he tried.
i got to go.
how can he turn people to ash?
but i have a restraining order.
your names lance?
were gonna need a new plan.
actually, i was looking for chloe.
tell me where.
like, and since when does just friends... biker 1
the mans a fivetime felon, all right?
her cowboy husband was too drunk to know that he was too drunk to drive,
i did it again, didnt i?
you dont want to rush with that.
i tell him to put his hands up.
the cuffs stay on.
how come fishes are there in a brahmins tank?
do you know my aunty? your would be motherinlaw...
this is awkward.
this is a big step for you, but look how hard youve worked for this.
thats why i warned you from the getgo not to give philly power of attorney.
id say on a scale from one to ten...
how much have you logged?
documents, maps. isnt there...
without the taste of water
you know. you dont even know me.
and i will lead them on a merry chase.
did you hear what i just said?
im gonna check it out.
what did i just tell you?
i was injured and i was exhausted. my mind was playing tricks.
you might have mentioned that a bit sooner.
you trying to get tossed into the nuthouse?
more of an observation, really.
head straight for it.
yeah, metropolis museum?
look, when your mother left you cried so hard you were throwing up.
you can come in!
really?  tell us a joke.
he wants us to move the island.
please, whatever you do, dont hurt my son.
maybe i dont give a shit.
i aint no goddamn loser.
all right, were moving out.
okay, no witnesses, no suspects, no evidence.
whatever your, uh, your superiors told you,
come on, donkey.
its gotta be a mistake, man. nobody even knows im here.
i tried to call my stepmother in london, but she was out.
are we moving?
ok, if you can, lock yourself in a room immediately.
your second son too is alive.
i want a urine sample from everyone. and get me a latte.
what are you doing here?
ill die happy
thanks, mr. kent. that means a lot coming from you.
did i say you could talk, cherry?
whenever i remember the past moments.
i just hope the next time you decide to do something, you include me.
take me to level 3.
i need to talk to urgently.
heres your order, sir.
i was a yardmaster for 10 years miss hooper.
everybody swim down!
do i have a bow?
thats where they took the shot at sawyer.
dude, dont ask.
what are you doing?
just be very careful with it.
..and annihilate the armed and unarmed pindaris.
we have a deal.
do you think we got enough gnomes?
ladies and gentlemen, i hope you re enjoying yourselves.
like this lamp, for instance.
hey, ramona, lets make a deal.
youre shutting it down because i wouldnt go work for you in metropolis.
henry, why dont you go for a stroll, while i just work up the background?
what are you saying?
what was his name?
maybe go visit the worlds largest ketchup bottle or something.
actually, i said id have dinner at spencers.
it sounded like it was from outside.
...and you listened to him!
im gonna complicate yours!
john locke killed my brother.
hey, how about some pizza, huh?
you know their entire life...
all those late nights at the office and weekend book fairs.
how come you let him get away with it?
whats the matter?
hey, fishface, where you going?
see, we take your money, and you dont get shit.
shoot. im out of tape. thats okay, ive got some extra c90s in my car.
im just gonna see something.
..my photo published in front page.
no. its none of your business.
he was with locke.
and ill take care of some business.
i have a sign to build.
look, dont be so modest.
ok, the dragon goes under the bridge, through the loop and finally, into the castle.
a scarecrow lt wouldnt even scare crows inspector, careful!
whats he gonna do, flute those ogres a lullaby?
ill dig like a psychotic rodent if i have to.
boy howdy, now ive heard everything.
l will never love anyone else.
what about the nurse, this amanda?
you know what im thinking?
things are getting real sloppy around here!
im well aware of that.
came to kill me?
i stuck my nose where it didnt belong.
he admits to strangling his victims... pulling out their hair, and ravaging them.
i always knew you were keeping secrets from me, clark.
mmmm. librarys a little outdated.
nice parry, old man. and then he has to blast his way...
its your responsibility to keep him safely here.
dont listen to him, vera!
step on the brake or something.
jenny, control yourself.
and it sure as hell wasnt lincoln.
come on. theyll come out over here.
my wife is my wife.
oh, of course.
well, whats down there that you regret?
but, hey i guess you can tell her yourself.
do you have a passenger list?
ill watch for you out here.
she told me that there were some... some extenuating circumstances in your life right now.
this is coming from me, nobody else.
why did you lie to me?
and where is this surprise gonna take place?
what do you think?
im about to go on a boat trip for a while, and...
youre the guy who won the lottery.
ladies and gentlemen, your attention.
please return to your seats as soon as possible.
oh, you guys.
they want to get hurt for 10 an hour, dont get in the way.
the guy with the syringe kept asking for mike traceur.
you know that there fella?
heart and soul?
static hey, jin, this is miles. where are you? over.
guys, uh, its the hatch door.
i love this song.
see what else there is.
you gotta trust me.
and this is the person who has a lollipop.
and so will we.
a digital frontier to reshape the human condition.
i think theres cynicism and theres realism.
he acts like a president.
let me finish it, theres only one way out.
keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
because youre a man of tremeous gifts,and it would be a shame to see them go to waste.
it feels nice to count them, friends.
..well free jenny first.
you dont know anything about me.
we are here because of daniel faraday.
not... too soft.
yes, ill wait for you here.
because your mind is where the problem is in the first place.
whichever part i get hold off, i rip off five kilos of flesh.
i found his dad!
we know there are wild boar on the island.
i want to see him.
that hawk would have swooped down..
let her go, jack.
kitt,when humans keep changing the subject,
as i recall, mr gray stored it in the attic.
whatd you do to him?
what are you talking about, john?
we now know that meteors will land off the coasts of eight different cities and that number could keep rising.
grace, this is jake sully.
a truth that she had once known, but chose to forget.
we dont hear voices from some houses.
you should have told her that you love her too.
and weve learnt treachery from you.
they want us to know where theyre going.
whys my heart beating crazy?
what is that, hundreds?
brother. everything is possible.
theyll give such a large one.  what?
here. want a drink?
i am not believing what i have just witnessed.
what did this man have to say?
i know a couple of big old bull queers thatd just love to make your acquaintance.
you are home, bruno.
two years ago.
c2, this is 68. weve been hit.
oh, i found them.
mr galvin is in a meeting. then maybe you can tell me.
and you tell kate shes gonna have to deliver this baby.
the last time i tried, it almost killed us both.
what you couldnt.
this place is death.
its sad that he wont meet the president even today.
were ready to roll. im docking your paycheck!
like... peggy did tonight.
but i forced him to.
good night kittens, close your eyes. sleep in peace until you rise.
hes in for life. what happens after a month of hard time, eh?
dont tell anyone...
they think were dead, right?
his car broke down.
its all just a big fairy tale.
what are you, a triggerman now?
can i get you guys coffee, something?
we are the ones who sent you home, michael.
if you dont believe me, check his phone records.
careful, dad, youre getting emotional.
its still active.
you cant cause i didnt write one.
i just do.
jack, dont. no, i heard you on the phone last night.
so what if he comes back?
youll probably get to dance the part of the cat again.
nothing to achieve there.
guess that takes cuddling off the table.
i dont pole dance for nothing!
dont cry. ill come back in an hour. cut the line now.
now i thought i heard someone shout, and something tells me it wasnt him.
you know, id like to be getting on with my work soon.
is 50 years a long time?
why not tell me then?
romeo thus with a kiss i die.
those british have thought of a wonderful plan to escape.
admit him in hostel, itll be like jail to him.
hell build you your own course.
before we crashed, she was a police officer.
i appreciate the offer, but im fine right here.
i forgot about the main valve.
the escapees, who were they?
did any fool see from the keyhole?
like he was very much interested in studies!
death match merely stayed your execution.
he cant get within five feet of lana lang without turning into a freak show.
but first, we must hang the map up.
some of the guys are pulling together and getting the fight on payperview.
they were the two people that shot at you.
is that a place you really want to lead people to?
theres just no latitude to...
she got sick, three weeks ago.
i aint gotta do nothin.
drink now, theres plenty.
do you miss it?
i do nothing of the kind. now, pull over immediately.
that quack getting inside your head?
i am onto you miller.
you take care of eddie.
here he is, mr. sixinches.
all right, id better go.
like flowers in a wasteland.
yeah, i know more about ancient carthage than hannibal himself.
whose head is unclear?
thats a great boy!
because i promised those people that i would get them off this island.
ill go get it.
this is the black rock.
you think hes lost?
how are you doing, charlie?
and the second when that son gets married..
please dont take this the wrong way, but i
well, aint that something.
dad, nowadays you dont kiss mama goodbye.
is he eating nonvegetarian food?
chinchpokli bunder. khau galli.
they can take shortcuts that the horses cant.
yes, i know.
if we get the coffees, will you take over the cases?
i dont remember asking you.
now it is time you prepare yourself, ms. austen.
you got peanut butter on it.
heywood, that isnt soapstone! and it aint alabaster either.
six weeks you are trying to catch the general.
whats your name, son?
get out of water! come on! todd, what are you doing?
the first thing ill do with the money is to give him the rest hes earned.
hes a prick.
he has gone to cheat him also along with me.
like my dad?
come on, baby brother. you cant save your family if you dont play.
if it makes you feel any better, whitney is just as uncomfortable.
im here to die. hey! that was a nice meetin, john, but i thought there wouldnt gonna be any more secrets.
when they get picked up, the helicopters will come, making us ridiculously and eternally famous.
well, then theyve badly miscalculated, cause every single one of my people is prepared to die in service to this island.
the, uh, mike was... smashed up pretty good.
what is going to happen to that woman?
where did she go?
did you see that?
do you ever have a car stolen?
im not a mother so i dont know anything, right?
somehow, i managed to save them.
sam has been gone for 1 79 days..
perhaps after your mother died.
why should he get to decide?
your original idea.
they brought charlie back, but he hasnt said anything since he came back.
what about i my girls pregnant, bro.
tell her to pack up and leave town.
that you are a very learned man. you have a lot of degrees.
you should go ahead, man.
youre never going to call.
surprise. surprise party tonight.
youre an expert on breaking and entering now?
just keep smiling.
i dont smoke or drink.
well, i suppose we could talk to the mayor.
i was sleeping, and i woke up, and he was trying to hurt my baby.
walk through the jungle in the dark.
now, youre lucky that you suffered no significant injuries.
mr. sergei said that we need much more power.
what are you making?
to make you fall in love, we played many dramas and faced difficulties, please tell her, man.
its me, shrek. your best friend?
we are together.
i heard a banging on the hatch door, shouting.
and he shall be my squishy.
a classroom with 50 students can be daunting for anyone.
maybe someone who is profiting from our current circumstances?
what did he do to you?
lets go. lets try another game!
my product is for ordinary people.
cant believe that im sitting in such august presence...
friends, what are you saying?
i remembered what it said!
you should have breakfast every day, lj.
mmhmm. you did good.
curran. amanda curran.
i just dont want you to owe him anything.
dad, i feel bilious.
i dont have a few years.
you made us conduct opening ceremony for free, now you want us to pay the bill.
i can explain everything.
we are going to meet our madam.  recommendation?
your familys ranch is nothing but a wasteland now.
meet me in the principals studio at 500.
now help me up and i will help you find what you seek.
just keep an eye on him, huh?
back in the jungle, before we became target practice, you were gonna tell me what inspired this little quest.
if anybodys gotta go first, it should be me.
what the hell are you doing all the way out here?
or die myself in the effort.
i wanted to make sure you were all right.
im not allowed to have chocolate before dinner.
give us a minute.
dont die. please, dont die.
if everything that we need is at the medical station, then why dont we just bring jack there?
jenny, battery of my phone..
i want you to go play video games.
theres something i want to tell you.
i couldve told the pope.
she hurt you that bad?
because it happened to me.
they wouldve closed you forever.
there are exceptions.
this is the brink of slavery.
tell the badge here about em.
but you did...
i want to dance... wedding.
cant be too careful these days.
its time to go.
in my chemistry book.
give me charlotte, allow me to do things my way, or a war is coming which we will both be powerless to stop.
this is my ex...
ok. why dont you get a little closer together?
i am the flame, harry.
by the way, coach gave me your old position.
yeah, i could use a minute.
her wounds were too great.
its lj, im with veronica.
you ever gotten information you wish you hadnt?
we have rid it of its imperfection.
hey, you know how im always trying to save the planet?
your move, randy.
i dont understand a thing.
so this is the real you.
a strange visitor from another planet who protects the weak?
somewhere on the other side of this wall is the main drainage pipe to the prisons old sewer system.
yeah, i felt like making a little treat for your dad, something special.
grapefruit sea breeze.
i thought it was this way.
believe me, apologize in advance for the heavy dose of irony were about to participate in.
twelve essences could be identified.
no, i wasnt saying that, mr. fitz.
did you see the paper today?
you give it a pull back, poor suckers guts are hanging right out of his stomach, and hell get a real good look at em, cause the wounds not fatal.
the poppy seed?
and why wouldnt we stay at mine?
let me say a few lines...
..where professor arun lives with his wife riya and his son aladin.
i didnt know they even made kids.
tell my girls ill be okay.
dont dare to take that girls name in this house!
whyd you come back?
what did you do to set him off?
youre on your own.
i bought the airline.
just spoon me, spoon me...
were almost finished here.
to make your stay more comfortable..
there might be something wrong with him.
sit down, sit down, relax.
come on, dont die on me!
... youre quick to judge.
its so good to be communicating again.
it is said that when john the baptist baptised jesus, the skies opened up and a dove flew down from the sky.
get movin, asshole.
this was my last chance to prove myself and he just assumed id fail.
you just have to promise me that youre not gonna go to that place anymore.
no sir, no calls like that.
he is a very bad man.
thats my echo off the canyon, canyon, canyon.
youre not gonna kill him.
nothing that makes any real sense.
xander, 11 kills, one submission.
three years is a long time.
i said turn it down, walt.
we could make it work.
hey skinhead, stop!
theres a guy over there. hes staring at you.
and im not losing sleep over it.
you cheated.  did i?
its korean. and the guy who gave it to me.
im one of the survivors of oceanic flight 815.
cause theyre building our hatch.
shes a great girl.
left two times to 29.
dad, im not sick.
i aint talking about mike.
well be lucky to make the airport.
no, you dont have a right. get out!
hope i didnt wake the kids?
you never looked out for me.
did my little fergus make a...
is it really for him?
general, crowds are in the hundreds now.
listen, can we make that earlier?
why would i take sir? im your biggest fan sir.
you had the audacity to approach me in broad daylight in front of my business associates... in public.
can i hold your hand?
no one remembers a thing.
i found something in the pallet i thought you might need.
no noise. theyre out there.
it didnt seem like that.
you are staring at me.
i mean, after what hed done to that poor girl?
altered.  expertly done.
i mean, the longer hes among us, thethe more danger were in.
remember your old ducati?
she... she said that she felt like... shes safe.
i am 1,300 years older than you.
now he never talks about brands n prices!
hanging out with jacob, that seems to take your mind off things a bit, doesnt it?
no, not that i know of.
looks like we made it!
must be nice to see each other again and just catch up.
what toxic mold project?
you took it so much to heart that you got angry and left home...?
you should thank her.
whats the matter naani?
they live jake.
she told pete hed be walking home, seconds later he realized that he locked his keys in his car.
you can smell it everywhere these days, monsieur.
my names sachin. like, sachin tendulkar. recommend me, please.
in the wake of 911 , a lot of american muslims are changing.. ..their names to escape racial profiling. questions are being raised about americas biased views..
for a starter, if i hadnt taken you to each of your classes, youd have been completely lost.
he will just be reborn again!
were wasting time here.
yes, sir. are you a family member of the deceased?
you cant smoke in here.
he is buried in a field four kilometres from here.
i have to go.
she keeled over, you hopped on the next flight,
dude. are you feeling all right?
if something happens to me shut up, jack.
youre right. i should have.
you moved to charlestown, hooked up with a rockbreaking townie.
from the looks of the sun, id say thats the north shore over there.
it wields vengeance, vengeance means revenge miller.
howre you feeling?
why are you running?
every mother has a dream that...
dont let this come between you.
i just dont like being boxed in here like this.
and my price is 5 lakh.
and i know right now, your daughter is sitting in the back of a state van driven to the department of social services.
well, this is why im here to help.
this used to be a private room.
is she the one that hurt your arm?
her uncle tricked her dad out of the cars.
shes going to turn twentyone soon.  well... the blossoming ofyouth.
the aquascum is programmed to scan... your tank environment every five minutes?
my job is to make breakfast...
essential oils are always to be mixed first, then the alcohol added.
howd you get here, by the way?
did you hear anegative?
well, that puts you in the majority of one.
youre a riot.
how on earth could i possibly control the water?
so what do you think?
it was a misunderstanding!
miss austen and i were both passengers on oceanic flight 815,
shall we go home?
exactly three years ago me and my girlfriend came here..
fucked up my phone.
how to catch him?
the stink alone should drive them out of there.
i wanted to kill him.
theyre closing the luthorcorp plant.
walts been giving that speech for 25 years.
karen kicked me out, man.
actually no one knows...
you did all this for my sisterinlaw, right?
so after spending millions of dollars scientists invented this pen..!
were still working here, please.
father, i want you to meet someone special.
apparently next to your graduation picture.
i like farms too.
hey, wait up, partner!
youre just wasting your time, trying to save a guy who, last time i checked, had a piece of metal the size of my head sticking out of his bread basket.
you know what this does to me.
head towards the light, quorra.
yeah, my dad died.
that got hit by the meteor shower?
its kind of like a...
please help me!
they lied to me too, earl.
that changes things.
not to mention our adversary.
you are the reason i am,
i fired you because youre lazy, entitled, incompetent and you spend more time cheating on your wife than you do in your office.
everybody, stay sharp.
104 for 6... isnt that great?
ammi is not feeling well.
the one you made me on the plane  to keep me company until my husband got back from the restroom.
thats the horn!
yes. so what?
you and your father are breaking new ground together.
there are... 78 seats open. no.
the tail section broke off when we were still in the air.
it seems someone is targeting gangs in the city, it seems he killed rasools men also while taking cash like this.
you will, wont you?
i appreciate that.
yeah. matter of fact, i did.
what is it, mom?
my son is daniel faraday.
chloe, dont you ever knock?
first decide that and then drink.
it was right there.
okay. maybe ill just put together another party.
the bulls are camped out in there.theyll never leave.
he has extensive experience in tumor removal.
claire, can you hear me?
this may hurt just a little.
finish the game!
since when are you into motorcycles?
and now heres the missing piece, right back where it belongs.
and she said that she wanted a divorce in reno.
youre a bastard, you know that?
and... she told me...
i want some extra time outside for the next couple weeks.
i appreciate you taking the time.
this moment, this second im very happy.
its my fault that you and me...
were safer in here than we are out there.
hes not gonna tell you who his spy is on their boat, james.
i was a baby. i never knew him.
this man is a liar and crook.
thats not true.
so, hows danny?
thats the dragons keep!
ive seen many like that.
i said roll.
to see if i am being followed... and im breathing!
a rajput never goes back on his word.
then ill take esca. i can use his knowledge.
ok, all right, moving on. were gonna put this sign across this entire beach.
shes been talking about this visit for weeks.
the air brakes werent tied on. they arent tied on, still.. weve got an unmanned train rolling into opposing traffic.
no, man. theyre shifting nantz into our unit. somethings going on.
but it wants me to follow what i saw.
a confession, actually.
do you believe i can or dont you, boone?
how long has it been?
i just wanna go home, al.
i appreciate how difficult this is for you, beans.
stay away from me... and my kid.
veer, be victorious.
what river flows through paris?
..and must be wading in a pile of muck.
what is it with you and this dog?
cant you love for it?
i mean, its like dej vu.
being his fiance makes him family, doctor.
he cares about you, and you need to show him respect.
yeah, well, jins still out there in the water, so if its ok by you im gonna keep shouting awhile.
do you know that the morning papers have carried a photograph...
grandmother you come with me.
but when he commissioned it, napoleon told david to paint her in as if she were there right in the center.
youre not here all the time. you cant protect her. i need a gun.
i got someone to show us where it is.
ok, you know what?
im not coming out of this house.
you said youve a job and brought us to city.
no, i didnt.
ill tell you that in the evening at the bonfire.
you want a beer?
ive joined your brothers gang to know about him.
these humps have none.
you think theyre gonna let murderers and rapists out of this place, ever?
may he find whatever hes looking for at the bottom of a glass.
looks like someone decided to get creative while i was inside.
you folks have a water problem!
say more please... it feels nice.
this is gonna end with you and me running through the jungle, screaming and crying.
we cant exactly afford a weekend at a fivestar hotel.
i wish you could all get a good nights sleep,but,uh... what the hell are you doing back here,dan?
then what was all the flipping and all the throwing the...
youre obviously not thinking about hand signals and body language.
now, i paid you a lot of fucking money to help put this together.
how can you arrest him?
i am so tired.
dont cry. nothing is going to happen. im here with you.
look, if he comes by the office tomorrow, tell him im not there, okay?
so, you gonna tell me your story, henry?
i want you to tell me the truth.
theyd been trained, for gods sakes.
it all worked out.
we fight for freedom and ogres everywhere!
teresa, your father knows about this, doesnt he?
..what my hatred could never achieve.
have you been in love?
its where he lives.
lake mercer, okay.
and when we get walt back... you might just have been worth all the trouble.
our ship wrecked on the way to tahiti, but that aint important.
its nice to meet you, ben.
why would she...
is what you do.
skim from the collection plate?
hello? hey, adam. hey, listen, can you carve out some time for me on the mri?
tell me where they are.
im gonna roll out the front the two of youse beat it out the side in the fucking cop uniforms.
is this some kind of joke?
try another treatment then...
maybe i was sick of doctors telling me what i couldnt do.
and then when i got back england, wwhen i would ask my mum about this place, yeah?
thats an interesting theory.
hes doing too much.
..that dads car went ahead.
i appreciate you bringing this to my attention, ben.
mm. im not a professional anything.
how do you know?
im here to rescue you.
tough little gorilla, aint he?
whatever you are doing, stop it.
im not blowing you off. i need to see clark.
of course, i cannot prove this, sire.
..which you may not have seen..
hes the guy who arranged everything.
well, what are we gonna do there?
the swan site. head to the swan. why do you want to go there?
previously on fringe... you are looking through a window into another world.
how long to get to their camp?
vishal, help me vishal.
hes talking too much.
thank goodness youre safe.
can the people youre talking to  hear and see everything inside this car?  yes.
shes my friend, and she would never do anything to hurt your son.
i cant just do nothing, rose.
ok. one, two, three!
no worries, man!
ok, were ready when you are.
scofield, michael. 94941.
i want you to come with me somewhere safe.
like, what, 40 feet down?
that was my rehydration account!
let me ask you something. which way do you think north is?
yes oh sorry.. we wish to meet ranchhodas im only ranchhodas..tel me?
nobody goes looking for a dead con.
hes a little broken, but still alive.
he taught you poker.
you are bloody drive shaft.
look, im staring at the television right now.
so, i thought if you agree to teach him here, in your house
youre gonna beg us to slow down.
sawyers not dead.
they think youre gonna save their little souls!
something has struck me,
theyre the enemy.
why are you acting this way?
that man wearing the tie.
essentially were talking about fluid exchange, right?
the dream has become their reality.
they find it, youre going to lose it.
and look at you, john. i was right.
look, i dont have to go fishing today.
i come in peace.
now if you want, i can take her back to that butcher.
but the antibiotics will fight it off.
you see, lex, it doesnt really matter.
did he just say terrorist?
i have the access code to the bubble memory chip from benjamin.
when will you come back for me?
you were fighting with us for them?
your dad and i have something we need to talk to you both about.
im barely keeping ahead, and i gotta go to the store and then run by the hospital and see my dad.
why do i think whos doing what?
he just said something and he went into the jungle.
i was going to offer you a ride, but your bikes faster than my car.
youre gonna let it run down to zero, past zero, and youre not gonna push the button.
if a parent decides not to keep it they must return it to cybertronics for destruction.
are you all right?
back in tijuana, we kidnap you, put you in an oil drum.
we just wait for that to happen?
found these in the jungle.
preparation is half the battle!
i said i am sorry.
what are you talking about?
yes. he was our commanding officer.
i hear these stories about these experiments they run on cons.
its the only thing i remember.
hey, conscience, am i dead?
thats why i drink religiously.
give them to me right now.
i woke up underwater and... made my way to the top.
ive been looking for you since morning..
i dont remember ethan.
hi raj, this is bobby ahuja from pbc.
the schools on the other side of town! hell be fine!
she died this afternoon?
oh, thats way, way too much.
shes got a husband. hes got a sister.
and my sought my help to sell these bangles.
where are you? hey, michael.
maam, were not authorized to take you to the airport.
bender laughing we made it!
that bitch stuck me.
route six hundred and sixty six.
oh, thats gonna be your excuse when i make the shot?
which way did he go?
it will show you any ships within the horizon line, approximately 25 miles.
theyve upgraded the storm again.
you think you understand me?  yeah.
why have i heard of them?
yes, sister? what happened?
i was just checking to see if he...
sadly for you, breaking my mug was not the most significant mistake you made that evening.
what did you do to him?
how dare you call at my home!
theyll strip me of my license.
i wasnt aware that things were out of control.
target at 12 oclock!
why wouldnt we?
locke said doors trapped him in the hatch.
i was practically begging, but you wouldnt listen.
its like crawling on your belly... to stalk helpless prey!
im not sure what you mean exactly.
there, on the jacket.
these are latitudes and longitudes.
yes, thats it.
youre very good.
money, passports... prepaid phone cards.
well, i gotta go. it was good seeing you, john.
ive desecrated my religion.
hes easily impressed.
lately this has been passing for that.
but i doubt shell get tough until she satisfies herself that im here alone.
in these ten years i have thought about you every moment every day.
i presume, your excellency, they perished in the elevator.
heard jack took your painkillers.
thats what im trying to do.
obviously, who would live with such a pervert?
ok, it was more like...
come on, look at me.
i think theyre going to kill me without food.
when you are that good at something, there are always going to be people who tempt you into staying the same.
theyre digging machines.
and... now youre back.
my father couldnt stand eulogies.
i just took it to be polite. i dont really drink, you know.
i want ground forces to move and secure a new perimeter around that crash site.
hes gonna kill us.
right? we are the future.
or am i being obtuse?
jamuniya? who is she?
we need more men
theyre armed.  how about that?
what can i say?
yes, im also feeling heaviness in chest.
i thought you understood.
this is agent scully.
uh... i dunno.
you fixed a woman with a crushed spinal column.
ive a philosophy in life.
idiot..he loves animals but is marrying machines!
lm not your sister!
i knew that.
amitabh said that long back, im repeating it now.
but youre making a practical decision.
demolition derby and all about it.
no more stalling.
the guy knew it was his fault... even though his son was back in the states thinking the same damn thing.
you just... run away, desmond.
what if youre wrong?
dr. finn, extension 2861.  somebody help.
i suppose it is.
she slept that night never to wake up again.
hes in a business meeting with an uganda minister.
put him on speaker.
you sure about these plate numbers?
how do i taste, moby?
i think they even have clown fish.
once alice changes me,
since you were never born, once this day comes to an end, so will you.
no one would even know he was there.
i think that we should pull the plug.
you see, that coke can was protected by the crafts shield.
well, im sorry to interrupt, but you got a call.
its not just that.
well, i can tell you its not a street map.
miss lang, whats this?
ill do it.
now i know where l get my good looks from.
piranhas hunt in packs.
why cant i really take my time with it?
what do i do now?
i think its the right thing for me to do.
hold on. i came here to tell you how to handle dynamite, not explore a ghost ship.
did you get my postcards?
what was your response?
maybe topless, lubed up.
ive told them that too.
what the hell are...?
one who wanted to marry someone that you approve of, but its not me.
clark, maybe you were having some kind of hallucination.
so, what do you wanna do today? bike, hike, just hang?
not gonna happen.
yes, my name is vishal dixit i work for gmm ad agency..
ill take the cage.
we dont know yet if another attack is coming.
how you got injured in the head.
now lets get you out of those pins.
please forgive my intrusion, miss vane.
when we got far enough from camp, i let him go back.
i used to get angry.
but... did you ever think that maybe the island just wants to fix things itself?
she was possessed by an idea.
one of the longest flights in the world.
ill handle this.
because hes my brother.
you gonna shoot me?
do you want him to die?
ive lost it.
that cop car will have a better map.
im going on the 1 7th.
oh you missed it!
with so much love in her eyes
turned out his grandmother died.
you were in here the whole time?
okay, open the boot.
yeah, he did.
im so much safer in the back with you, this driver is so jerky, so jerky.
you dont pay the mortgage, you dont own the land!
jenny has called him here to take revenge with us.
i have an experience of 30 years.
vital signs unstable!
come on, come on. its... its repeating.
there he is.
i think they are angry..
yeah, you heard me, ellie.
well, what do we do with him?
on whose sayso have you printed his name?
..you had to pick me to fight that ringmaster?
good evening, sir.
you tell me. theyre addressed to you.
..and friendship into love.
in the orchid station below the greenhouse.
so, you know, whats mine is yours.
ill run us a bath.
so lets have it.
welcome to the circle of trust.
but i cant invite him!
thank you for asking for leniency for me.
whos your son?
where is he, you son of a bitch?
hey, come at me, john.
let me ask you a question.
ill book any 5 star hotel you prefer.
trust me on this.
shes my mother.
they want blood, dont they?
how did you know it was gonna happen?
why would he lie to us?
make him call out for help, and set a trap and kill those who come.
how many of them were there?
how do you know so much about this?
you need to see a doctor.
i could have my election rally at the talon, help bring people by.
my home is a hotel room.
it was a silly idea. i read too many bridal magazines.
theres someone... someone here in los angeles.
you sure hes out?
i just wish i could remember what happened.
we got to catch up with the others!
the dialysis will be fine for awhile.
and why should they?
danny, im really sorry about what happened to your dad.
youre the problem.
but, master baldini,  hmm?
those guys broke into my house. you two figured it out, tried to be heroes...  ... and got in over your heads.
thats freaking me out. what is she doing?
youre your own person.
hes gonna kill her!
darling, when did i lie?
i dont want to hear anything.
i was shouting for long to help me.
what is that?
its a distress call.
what the hells a pugnac?
and i need to know why you wont talk to me about my father.
dont leave me here.  goodbye, john. youre on your own.
and the toilet has a lock.
age is just a number, baby. what are you, like, 40 now?
my... adventure has ended.
if we survive this, if we survive tonight were gonna have a locke problem.
hello, i need dr. rosens office, please. parcher
get us some beers. go.
i can do that.
its not like that.
from today, their standard will carry its first wreath.
every every everything everything is a lie.
i gotta focus.
whatever happens to me, i promise youll get this back.
..shes going to marry a wealthy boy.
and ill tell you why.
thats chloes hobby.
yeah, too little too late.
it seems narnia is in need of a new king.
and truthfully, the company is pretty happy with where you are, too.
you are so sensitive.
who will organize the special present for your birthday?
he in the truck!
yeah baby i got this!
sawyer, what happened?
if this marriage doesnt take place..
good morning, mrs. sikes. how are you feeling today?
dude, look, id never lie.
thats the only way we win.
do you believe him?
that means they dont want to talk about it.
ill pick up trash on the highway.
made me a stranger in just a moment.
i dont know. wasnt i supposed to?
destroy the potential for authentic creativity.
i dont want to rush this.
laughs  maybe you should.
all of you have to go back.
damn it! what is wrong with you?
drop the melodrama and tell me.
dont tell me what to do. or what?
give me the medication.
hey, pull up the manifest.
now the guys at work are against me.
and he tried to save her and now youre about to crucify him?
whatever you do, do not look down.
technically, youre a council meeting crasher.
after paralysis he lost his half body and salary completely.... and sister!
i dont have to go.
better call the boat, ll em shes getting a really big bundle of firewood
and sometimes, if you want to do it four times...
were gonna have to get out of this bed at a certain point.
dont hug me mom.
thunders getting louder.
pump bullets into him. kill that bastard!
what america needs is an environmentally friendly, logistically feasible, and economically responsible alternative fuel source.
with no poles?
we already talked about this, okay?
we are here to shoot for a magazine cover page.
im not sure this is such a good idea.
its completely empty.
you never know when you mightjust wanna spend a few nights back here.
okay. whats more valuable than money?
i can sense youre in trouble.
pick up if youre there, mami.
so i ran.
so lets go get it.
but i havent seen you anywhere.
sealed off, brick by brick.
i dont even want to see you.
great! whats the meaning of it?  i too dont know.
coach, you need help.
we will throw water on her...
true... youve nothing, but food!
i must kill him by poisoning his coffee.
then were all in a lot of trouble.
well, i guess we could file an injunction
..whether he likes it or not, hell have to come stop me..
could you wait one second?
maybe you want to buy me a drink.
you knew. you knew this was gonna happen.
oh, my god, you have a little boy. a little baby boy.
just calm down, nemo. you wont go bellyup.
..that i want to go to the ball with aladin.
we must do something before they fandango themselves into oblivion!
hes the doctor.
..its rightful owner.
the radio rooms down.
you want to go around, like this?
and if you do that, youll be fine.
not that great.
you think theyre on the honor system?
he took me to the plane.
an enemy can appear at any time from anywhere.
thats right hes still traipsing around the jungle with kate.
ive been asking you for long if you know anushka or not and youre talking about all these nonsense.
how dare you disrupt my work?
the country best in the world is our india...
yeah, but what if they come?
you take charge.
come on, open the door!
they think theres no more serious white people in charlestown.
i need to set the bones before his accelerated healing kicks in.
so... what have you heard?
you call him too.
the folder contains your peoples whereabouts, everyone that was on the island that left.
yeah, look at my instruments.
he was digging a hole and thinking about some chick named andrea.
always use a talented guy.
aarons in danger.
i love you.
how are pete and lana?
lets not jump the gun here.
same number on all the notes?
ive got my eye on someone.
come on, priya, dont be a bore.
right away.  well, lets get to it.
you got nothing, keep running.
dont give the world an opportunity to say..
have a good time, you know?
i thought what maria and i had was love.
oh, come on, buddy. for old times sake?
brogan, i have news from far far away.
i would remain lost in your eyes for the whole night.
they took my son.
first ill eat, then ill molt.
i really dont know how to say this.
what people will say?
before i raise this toast to papa... i want to say something to all ofyou.
maybe they shrunk up in the cold alaskan air.  oh!
we gotta keep moving.
ok. p. sher...
and i thought the waffle fairy was just a bedtime story.
hunt, will you give the luckycoin shit a rest, please?
you may tell her what to do, inside.
we have to tell all the fish to swim down together!
dont worry, devon.
you catch on fast.
belongs to tbag.
my fear of new places. new people.
big boss, tell me where is jenny?
i want you to go.
who was that?
hi, i am tina.
its time for you to stop doing this!
i dont want to see this bad world.
tell him ill call him back. get me galvin, now!
well, i dont know.
you know what?
i had a feeling you would.
how your mom kept things running so smooth beats me.
stay away from me!
echo, pico to ocean park.
im really sorry to both of you for how ive acted, and im really grateful that you were brave enough to go and save my brother.
get my lawyer!
penelopes moved on, hume.
im trying to make up for what i did. im trying to help you out here.
yeah, i got her name from a a gentleman i met at oxford university.
digging through dead bodies takes it out of you.
everybody else, be as gross as possible.
no, no. hes a good guy.
hes gone, hes gone.
hes going to see the mayor.
she just feels right now you need to spend some time elsewhere.
the kind of talented individual that can start your cherokee for you while youre still looking for your keys.
some of it.
a laughing happy and... contented family like we are... we were... ls he going to pay for the bill?
lucky we dont have that problem.
amfm radio, reclining bucket seats, and... power windows.
go get jack. go get jack.
have you heard of that?
personally, hell, yeah.
they mustnt get left behind.
shouting im coming with you.
will you support me?
what the hell are you talking about?
business is my passion, its also my job.
well, yeah, anyone can.
she turns on the cooking channel, boom, she never wakes up.
thats what its all about for me, to be able to do things for the people i care about.
the kiss didnt work because fiona doesnt love me.
whats up, lex?
you shouldve called me first.
ofthe foursuspects, one has been identified as carl lucas, who is a known associate
i can see it now...
are you offering me a choice?
you look like a torpedo.
youre gonna do nothing.
now terror tej sing is harassing us.
and if that happens, hes gonna die.
i told a lie.
that came out wrong!
i want that key!
just like mrs. sikes.
how do you know him?
but i think you spilled something on your shirt there.
i mean, it works for you and mom.
um, you said when you learned walternate was lying to you, your first thought was anger, that you wanted to put a stop to his agenda.
do you believe in the existence of extraterrestrials?
you give all that passion to a job no one even cares about.
women are wonderfully practical.
we are in a cage.
greetings, papa, greetings.
no, mom, come on!
youll think im crazy.
youve gotta be kidding me.
cause i cant figure...  creaking
has anyone seen eric?
i dont have a size 26 waist here.
should the child leave him then?
all you have to do is come to my office and tell me what you know.
fucking hawaiian pizza?
tell me what happened.
i dont expect you to.
shes buying it.
what, we work for you now?
we need you on the northeast building.
you went out with your friends, i went out with clark. he invited me to a concert.
just remember, clark once you cross that line, you cant hide behind the cloak of friendship anymore.
good to know.
why are you disturbing me?
look, trevor, i understand how you feel, but believe me, there is absolutely nothing to worry about
i must get to the other side.
im not having a baby.
people are seriously considering following jack to the caves.
you, kate and sawyer went out into the jungle to triangulate a signal.
theres a rental car parked out front.
all i know is that somebody wanted me in the same garage as terrence steadman that night.
just rest here for a minute. i thought the guy with the gimpy leg should be deciding when we rest.
tariq will never talk to you.
im feeling much better, sonny.
man youd think you see somebody with a crutch, theyre gonna help em out.
you do that.
i dropped my camera.
there is no commanding officer here.
i havent had a nosebleed since i was little.
look what we found. jessica
security sweeps and patrols have been intensified.
are you gonna tell me?
why cant you just let things be?
okay? i dont want to hang out with my dad.
now i got you.
our worlds are more connected than anyone knows.
sam and leonard were stationed at a listening post monitoring longwave transmissions over the pacific.
how do you girls feel about that?
no thanks, locke. im gonna stay in today.
here, youll receive both.
tommy was it.
please sir, let us help you
shes going to know.
we have deciphered the location of the moon and ocean spirits.
how about you trust us and turn that damn thing off?
michael hey, walt!
they must have been around the corner.
?  dont lock the door.
once upon a time the sky was blue beneath these roads.
my boyfriend had surgery here this morning.
chloes been asking us some very interesting questions, clark.
she stole my damn gun.
manny, who do you like better...?
anything you want to take?
i didnt see you tonight, clark. lana.
i dont think thats a good idea for me.
you came to gloat.
just leave it alone, jacob.
where did you get that?
nothing, it was just fits.
and bogs would never walk again.
how old was he when he started speaking?
i didnt like the way i felt.
why do you think he lets me do all that?
big fella. whale. ok.
he says they microwaved moscow.
ok. can you move your legs?
you cant let the likes of him do this to you.
my caterpillar never turned into a butterfly.
or its connections.
dont irritate me.
come in. over.
she must have swam ashore upriver.
very impressive use of pull
youd be so proud of me.
did my brother put you up to this?
i think hes suspecting us, hes coming here.
no one at all?
about your body...
come on. we got a race to win.
if you want to indulge this fantasy, its your business.
im good, thanks.
i well see you tomorrow jake.
think maybe you could go talk to her? why me?
i need an officer!
come remove now!
i really wasnt thinking straight.
whats the second commandment?
shouldnt have pushed her away, though.
then the question is what are we gonna do about it?
uh...hi. hi. excuse me.
what was that for?
if we sit tight, clu might be brought down from the inside.
this jacket aint exactly the best thing, you know what im saying?
what are you gonna do?
all right, ill run the social.
a couple of hours maybe.
you and sayid have a safe journey back.
isnt that right?
what you said got them worked up.
you behave as if you have always been this perfect...
he must have seen me do something before.
it doesnt hurt.
ive cursed him! hell rot to death.
ive chosen my life. i want to start living it.
boone is hunting?
i guess this means youve decided youre leaving.
..and always will be.
welcome to pandora, good to have you.
i just saw you looking around.
its coming from over there.
what do i think?
theyll go to him to take trophies.
y eah, is sheriff pronzo there?
for gods sake, hes missing.
you aint hearing me, man.
its very possible your sister and i are going to become more than just friends.
shes not breathing!
first two seasons... no, three seasons i was here,
dearest david, when you are lonely we can bring back other people from your time in the past.
how can i suddenly pay him?
its hard work and i try to keep up but my hands hurt most of the time.
i told him to find my mother.
ready to tell me what happened?
get fischer in the back room now.
on occasion, yeah.
evertime anything happened, he called us to spoil our work.
ok. i trust you.
to triumph, we need results,
get on back and fetch us up some.
come on! i can dance and stun the world!
come on, look at him. hes done.
i do, however, have something important in my van, jill.
so, ive beaten up the right guy.
okay.. i am justjoking.
you dont get confused, this is not a silly matter.
sir, just like theres new delhi, purani old delhi..
everythings going to change.
sound the alarm!
yep.  what did he use to open?
tell him the way things are.
what are you doing in sydney?
things never happen the same way twice, dear one.
for christians, honey.
wouldnt be an issue if you were on the outside.
no, im not kidding.
thats what she needs.
napoleons mother couldnt make it to his coronation.
nothing. i just thought wed blow off class today.
affects them both in virtually the same way.
can you do anything?
actually dad wanted to get a reservation im the first engineer in my village sir..
and i will be sorry about it for the rest of my life.
do you know what my father gave me for my 10th birthday?
sergeant pillas hit!
75 years ago, i was time magazines mecha of the year!
yes, theres a youth conference in bangkok.
am i not a human?
still having trouble with that bursa sac?
now that youve proposed to me..
no, not a clue.
and now you too...?
good afternoon, sir. good afternoon. id like a room, please.
your father says hello.
its every strange, bizarre and unexplained event thats happened in smallville since the meteor shower.
thank you both for coming.
im not crazy, you know.
theyre gonna do it tonight.
no, i was just knocking a few balls around.
nothing. its just a dream.
anyway... he told me about sam... hearing something.
hes our only heir, what if anything happens to him?
i channel it.
tears on a joyous day?
hello, mamma. where are you?
she might poison the captain himself.
i guess your talk didnt work.
when most people see a creature made of swirling black smoke, they run.
ive got a desk job and high blood pressure and a doctor telling me how to live my life.
ok, im sorry for feeding you to the eagle.
why did the girl blushed when she opened the refrigerator?
dr. hamilton, hello. chloe sullivan, smallville torch.
are you all right, sir?
finally, a ride out of this shithole.
i dont like getting attached to things if i know they wont last.
you sure hes got ben in his basement? i saw rousseau take him in there last night.
she will never be right for the kids...
lets hit the road.
yeah, um, well,
uh.. diego, theyre pecking..
im not going back to metropolis.
sure hes not a man?
well, try seeing accomplishment.
i wanted you to know who you were working with.
roger, get out of here!  what?
no, in fact, come here. you sit here.
im trying to make a living here pal..
a shortage of food, or a surplus of snobbery?
its goanna be a rough night.
..without any magic.
hey. hey, bob.
unless you want to go back to spending your weekends alone,
let me go!
why did you give me this separation?
i m not arguing.
everday at 2 he used to take a power nap of exactly 7.5 minutes n used to listen opera govind had to do all unproductive works like shaving, cutting nails in this 7.5 mins
let go of him.
no, im done lying.
shes not my meal ticket, dad. shes my fiance.
shes gonna be miserable when she finds out.
you ever hear of geronimo jackson?
well, were all equals on this boat... as long as you play decent holdem.
drivers name is arthur shea.
we are gonna lose some paint in here.
come on. right now, young man.
get on the ground!
sorry, all visitors have to leave the facility.
no, i havent.
ive passed 10th class, sister.
what do you call me in punjabi?
their mother smiled and said with a purr,
we got a misunderstanding. your people, my people.
you ready to see your dad, kid?  uhhuh.  of course you are.
hes my friend.
juliet. what are you doing here?
well, i see theres little else to do.
i was gonna ask you the same thing.
any idea how long theyve been here? long.
we just need a few small holes.
ls it you who spoke now?
sometimes he forgets to buy a ticket, sometimes its the change.
trudy, fire up the ship.
look, i think somethings gonna happen. you...
and a guy named duke.
i have a son, papa.
there are at least 10 others.
you mean this one?
do you want me to call the police?
then why does he carry around a virgin mary statue?
things should be winding down around now.
could i at least grab some of these logs?
anyway, i worry about you out here.
if you go like this, ill b defamed.
i have class tonight so you two are on your own.
from the moment the alarm sounds, you will have four minutes to enter the code into the microcomputer processor induction into the program.
i know where hes going.
you said you had a zodiac raft back at the beach.
do you believe in miracles?
i gave up drinking.
..are you here 2 rape?
just promise me that youll brush your teeth every single night.
so are you headed home?
look, donkey, the chimichanga cart!
the guys made a mistake. i dont see the big deal.
ill deal with you when this is over.
no one survived
wanna come in to say hi to nell?
are they from the future, too?
you from stanton?
hey, call from my father.
a coaster? what train?
hes not the groom, dont welcome anyone you see.
just imagine yourself in your underwear... at every traffic junction in town, on sixty feetbyforty feet banners!
remy, what are you doing in here?
the transfer didnt go through.
look, ive been baling hay for the last two hours, i can barely lift my own arms.
it could be worse than it looks.
you must have a thing about bad sound and stale popcorn.
dont eat that!
that was 12 years ago, man.
bhavani, leave my ear.
thats an order!
get out of this city before evening.
so theyre friendly, but not friends.
uh, hes korean. im from encino.
beauty must make you see again and again, it mustnt make you turn feeling ive seen it.
there really is a riddle.
he missed the count.
lalo there ran away from home at 12.
you played football, dad.
i know where to find her.
uh, dad passed away a few years back.
and listening to the sound.
never mind me.
i just want you to know that, uh...
well, i can get on the monitors and watch for this thing.
this is yours and this is mine.
outsider of the faith... a necromancer, a diabolist, a sorcerer... a damned heretic!
i think so, but we need to get her to a hospital.
what are you talking about?
yeah, were good.
i was looking for something.
and you know what?
you wanna bet?
why dont you leave the house now?
help me, please.
he said even though you were pretending, youre a good man.
prepare for impact!
thats my wife youre talking about.
oh, yep. yep, very much so, yeah.
weve already paid him heavily.
how was that result?
you said you were my brother. youre supposed to be my friend!
that sounds like a trail.
i think youve met carl here a few times.
ranvir, i saw her there.
so, what are we going to do?
just leave or hell come back.
wheres my family?
i wont ever hurt you.
exam room 3, down the hall.
yeah. i think thats my seat.
you know, like two drinks in an airport bar.
by the way, you have a daughter.
none of it is real!
i dont need all these.
when you were out cold, he was watching over you.
beezus is acting all french again.
no strippers, no chanting in the woods. promise.
im very sorry, mr. locke.
i had some time to kill while you were foosballing.
monique called in sick, and we havent got anyone to cover.
so the fact that john locke is walking around this island...
is this what you wanted?
i brought thai takeout.
dont worry about me.
ive already spoken to the hospital administrator,
your instructions were to come alone.
you dont know that.
please leave me, ill go back to bunder.
i dont know where to go.
we all yearn for reconciliation, for catharsis.
im sorry for your loss.
come home, son.
can you hear me?
i havent really thought too much about it.
wait, hurley showed me.
but even we were very principled robbers!
she doesnt know i know psychology better than her.
she didnt know your father left.
from the moment i set my eyes on you...
maybe you have nothing to do..
do you think theyre really going to rescue us?
i want every guard to check in.
electrical eel can get into small spaces that it is shocking.
youve got a criminal like sajid arrested.
its still... me.
how did you like it?
the fairy tales and horror stories?
shes gonna meet me at the rising sun at 800.
this is not good.
its awesome, jellyman.
hey, mr. grumpy gills... when life gets you down, know what you got to do?
arent you pushing it a bit, michael?
show me, ill entangle with her.
take your time, though.
i killed him?
come with me.  where?
but i shall forever be... the same to you as ive been
of course, if i was one of them, these people that you seem to think are your enemies, what would i do?
hes never gonna believe me.
i just, uh, want you to be happy, frank.
wow. whered you get these?
you cant keep doing this. youre gonna die.
you cant stop me!
kurth, lets go!
anjali, hang up!
but its such an interesting case.
we aint friends anymore?
may i help you?
i said, get up!
dont suppose you have any matches, do you?
they only do what i tell them to do.
its for you!
john, get her back here, okay?
they found this stuffed in his pocket.
doing your part?
allow me to demonstrate the awesome speed of the c815 using one of your technical manuals.
i only carry it because i have someone to protect.
how long do you think itd take to get something like that?
its a couple blocks away.
do flowers seek her advice to bloom?
if its food poisoning, you got nothing to worry about.
brilliant. how about you give us one?
the next flight leaves after seven hours and five minutes. united 59. united..
..even after youre dead.
your child. hes sick.
why are you two fighting again?
when the journey to the truth is so much sweeter
a phantom who cannot be fought by human means!
hey, beans, what do you think of the new duds?
like a gushing stream she flows, drenching me
believe me, i wanted to be.
ready to be thrown to the wolves?
you make one sound youll never see your boy again.
then youve heard.
its not like its the end of the world.
on my right, the female hostel.
everybody just relax!
we cant just go barging into peoples apartments.
he shot him.
you mean paper mill owner?
..that you suddenly left for mumbai.
i didnt tell him.
i think you have recognised me.
run this right in... all right. ok.
if we try to do anything different, we will fail every time.
hes the man who killed me.
now running short by rs.100, what to do?
this book has the methods to bring a death person alive.
listen, we have no time.
youve got to trust me.
im... im sorry that...
what happened to her?
see, the taj was designed using axial force, a series of internal forces along a longitudinal axis. uhhuh, yeah.
steve, will you take this woman to be your wedded wife, to live together with her in the holy state of matrimony?
diary, the little limey runt just wont let up. ow!
thats what i think of friends of tanya walker.
hed been shacking up there for a couple of weeks.
put him down.
come right back.
i feel like im gonna disappear.
i mean, i wanna talk to you right now, so now is a good time!
its latest fashion.
it took days.
anyone besides michael?
i got you this before you gave us the money.
im sponsoring bhai as well.
be strong. be strong, willa jean.
what are you doing here, clark?
right now not a whole lot.
get the fuck off me.
come on, this way.
there! oh, no.
shes gonna think im crazy.
i dont want to talk to her.
i need a rest.
michael knocked you out.
i only got room for four people.
whats going on?
lets get that money and get out of here.
well, the gangs all here.
we can talk to each other...!
its all gone!
this is my show.
this town must seem a little dull after spending a whole year overseas.
youre going down!
why should i trust you?
just a minute, priya.
you need a little help, amigo?
i found that your adoption was done through metropolis united charities but this is the strange part.
why are we doing this, dude?
i was running and i turned and i saw myself.
locke did not tell me anything.
i mean, you definitely dont wanna have to get married because you werent careful.
there is only one way to end the pain.
how do you think im doing?
you are my good son, arent you?
general, tell norad were on defcon 3.
very famous for its oysters.
how much its worth?
thats bad luck too, man.
okay, and youre the one
whats to talk about?
i hate it.
well, i wouldnt...
great, priya, great.
and lincoln burrows,
he burned his hands trying to put it out.
phil,jack. jack... phil.
when are you gonna tell me what happened in the jungle?
youre not gonna leave me here.
baby, i cant wait that long.
too bad i cant use it.
youre going to be all right.
father, im still alive.
where are you?
oh, and i know you love the opera.
get back to me!
i wont let this marriage take place.
im very sorry, basil, but its just too precious.
but now we know, dont we... that we dont want to touch these again.
so, maggy said yesterday was the last time she saw him?
but my wifes in there, asshole!
the lab report says the deer lost something like 80 percent of its body fat.
right here, theres a line.
but you take care ok?
i must join any one these two gangs.
so... really didnt have a choice, did i?
which of these things belong to you already?
we know he doesnt want their virginity.
maybe im not the person everyone thinks i am.
but as we bid adieu to one star, we welcome another.
yeah, its back to just being a barn.
entered he bathroom, thats where i saw your client washing out the bloody pants.
that are just to be experienced.
ready for a little tugofwar?
what happened to them?
leave him be!
if they catch you.
i would like to welcome the heroes of the moment.
i had a life here!
we dont like her...
we need some way that we can... you know, have fun.
yeah, hes doing great, man.
listen, heres the secret
im only gonna be here for six months.
i cant believe it! laughs
we werent even out of bed yet.
i doubt it.
now, im going to count to three.
and the nature of seasons will change
no one accidentally steals a car.
well, its no use trying to catch that machine.
stop the train. there theyre.
its not like its a tumor or something.
tell me something.
chang is gonna ask a bunch of peopl to get on the submarine and leave the island.
we got him.
shes getting married.
is the trauma team ready?  yes, they are..
alan came over.
i know it sounds nuts but when you talk to her, its like she really knows.
well, my son got shot and now hes disappeared, so...
thats the beauty of music.
what do you want from me?
pull over, right here.
he cant grow up in this place.
but should 777 derail, were looking at a major disaster.
miles, he cant come to the phone right now. all right, have him call me when he can.
well, shit, a.j.
whats his name, huh? glenn.
my moms never been the same, she cries all the time.
luckily the press is making up their own story for now.
goddess kali has united you on your birthday, the day i separated you both.
you leave me in such a scare.
but i dont wanna see you in here ever again without your parents.
im looking through the people, trying to determine exactly what this is.
did you know hes a dentist?
im safe here.
theres a lawyer poking around.
thats a relief from all this antique iron.
cant risk another bird.
australia doesnt allow its citizens to carry handguns.
i got the controls.
you were in an accident recently?
that means anybody can audition, right?
if you agree with me, dont unfold your arms.
tell you where the sun dont shine.
im going back to find the rest of our people, because if i cant stop you, then maybe they can.
how about the known whereabouts of the man who ruined your life?
well, uh, really appreciate you helping me out.
what the hell are you doing here?
i lost my conjugals, pendejo.
thought id check in on you guys, bring you some food.
does that change anything, frank?
damaged goods... both of us.
i shouldve cut you when you talked about entwining with her.
its been six days and were all still waiting.
neithers got squat to do with me.
well, i work cheap.
..and set out to look for you two.
are you gonna be ok?
flynn would never survive the event.
is it, uh, ok if i go with him?
please, let me help
cmon rukhsar... the gang...
i want to talk to you.
youre the one that saved her life.
this is insane. you are all crazy.
dont thank me, thank lana.
i am a roughneck.
i dont believe we have a better choice.
thanks. now i gotta go make a call and change my order.
unless whitney can coerce the baseball team, i think i can squeeze you in.
just because this boy..
that puts us even.
i tell you where id go.
she certainly does have her fathers jaw.
you cant be bringing your kid in here, you got it?
thats the least of my worries. right now, i need to find sasha.
get over there and you sit down!
doing such brave deeds is a common thing for me.
im gonna need that ring.
reading material for the next 19 minutes. knock yourself out.
let them take me!
im blind, where can i go without you?
they had sinned.
thats the car thats gonna crash.
go to her house when shes not there pack your stuff and never have contact with her again.
you had an argument with babu rao.
but you grew up right here.
im narsings right hand.
well, thatll be one dollar, please.
from the particle accelerator explosion.
you hit her?  no, no, no.
i am not a kid.
how can i be your friend?
can i fix you a drink?
i never saw anybody move like that.
this is between us.
sorry, devon, but i got places to go.
just calm down! you burned my raft?
somethings not right.
so i suggested about taking him.
do it now!
at least not without your help.
earl, youre wanted for murder.
that means seven days from now.
whatever i do for u..ill do it from my heart!
but listen, thats not important.
the dog did not eat my ring.
who sent you?
i just hope he isnt taking advantage, thats all.
its a lot of money, but this whole thing feels forced.
are you going to see the movie?
as for sister ill prove that she hasnt done anything.
you wanna move?
why so many twists?
he strolled like a man in the park without a care or a worry in the world.
water has no value, freckles.
you wanna shoot me?
did you say something?
whats his name?
film will be a super duper hit.
and you were raised a certain way and thats never gonna change.
my son speaks so much about your family that i feel almost like im there with all ofyou.
its good to see you. when did you get back?
were you here in 1977?
caspian is not a victim of this savage uprising.
imagine how i feel.
i know youre awake.
three of them were shot.
because well avenge the death of 4500 pindaris..
im castor, your host.
how long ago did you leave?
lets talk about that.
were going to get married, you know?
chance, kings and desperate men,
so were gonna drink our o.j. and take our chances in the real world.
yeehaw! giddy up!
i dont, i dont know what a formula is.
ill keep you safe.
but i know that reason isnt... it isnt here.
why do you understand my heart so well?
i was so wrong... so wrong.
and i want the boat.
whats going on?
..and the british soldiers to the border?
she had an inhaler.
give her the weekend.
you want a ride?
from what i understand, its in your nature, too.
look the witch has frozen them!
i hadnt heard.
although i was surprised you even called at all.
moving on? god! sorry.
look at our shadows..we match!
oh, my gosh! get him outta there!
did you make your bed?
you asking me if im married?
they took jed and eli!
atticus finch, to kill a mockingbird?
but as we all know, every great career has to come to an end.
i dont think so. oh, man.
no, it was...
ill stay with him.
now, the rest of the plan is simple.
i told you! i can hear him!
we shouldnt have told her we had the kid.
your tongue, your sight, everything is cursed!
you should get some rest.
l didnt get it.
if you can wait, then wait.
nicholas, i think you should write mr. moucheboume a thank you note.
butterflies get all the attention.
are you a doctor, then?
it looks like theres activity.
youre a good friend.
pick a number and put your coin on it.
at our house for christmas, were having granny, aunt dorothy and uncle eugene.
am i going to die, doctor?
what are you talking about?
its a snakes hiss.
the problem is not...
now you must stop the avatar from mastering earth and fire.
did ben mention knowing anyone off the island?
hes dead, isnt he?
i was the recipient of a large settlement.
because, destiny, john, is a fickle bitch.
we have to keep moving. all right, somebody help me with charlotte.
who do you think?
im through with you, lex!
lts morning. come on.
so he was already dead?
dont forget that only sons have earned fame, not dads.
youve helped a noble cause.
but i dont want you... with me.
you were earning to see your son, heres your son.
ive always known it.
it means death has shifted the place to there.
what do you mean they said it was suicide?
baby you are going to be filthy rich!
see you, mate. take care of your mum.
hi, im mahesh vinayak and you are...?
where are you keeping your other prisoner?
clark, you got her back safe and sound. thats whats important.
chari, one or two fishes is common in tanks.
on 27th november 2007, he was killed.
jack booked a ticket.
and electromagnetics and failsafes!
man! ...if you werent here..
aybetraya ramunam its their most sacred place.
im sorry i let it go this far.
fiona. ive never been better.
you were in the hospital.
before ringmaster catches the comet, well have to stop him.
first weve got to get you out of those clothes.
how do you know he wont wake up when you yank that thing out?
my love for her?
his name was jeanbaptiste grenouille.
is she human?
maybe you missed orientation, but for future reference, personal space is very important to me.
briganza will make our present and future.
i found you at last i searched the forest.
you and victoria must be getting pretty close.
its brave being how you are.
you can talk about your sister and fix the marriage.
you know, i have one of the
lady luck is coming by to change your life.
were selling cookies so, you know, we can have a better future.
yaar..now in this argument..if u r getting mothers saree in between..what can i say?
i dont talk to smokers.
could the record reflect mr dawson acknowledged miss lloyd paid his bills?
id like you to go look out your east window so we can talk about this facetoface.
you might say im what hells already raised up.
lousy pods of garlic!
one assumes you inherited the withered old goats estate?
theyve seen us!
that you have a problem with needles, which you technically do.
whats up with your fallen brethren?
when we send our kids on a field trip wed like to believe that theyre gonna be safe.
youre not screwing it up! i agreed to this!
you say you want to keep your people alive?
here. call him.
hes away from home.
i think thats my glass.
he isntjust my husband.
sully, how does it feel to betray your own race?
practice doesnt start until four.
we know theyre out there, we just have to find them.
take my knife, gently widen the opening, and the moth would be free.
..and kept a rs.50 note inside.
will you at least tell me where the bus was headed?
i let that bastard frighten me into submission for so long.
you setting the combination?
what time is it?
youre killing yourself with this junk. youre destroying drive shaft.
ha hwa ha ho ho ho
we have dealt with subsecurity before!
well, if youve got a better idea...
for making buildings?
you do that.
you have to fix it.
youre my own son.
do you really want to know the future?
heart disease? no.
you, hold pressure.
what a bunch of dummies! good boy.
where is my soninlaw?
we drove together.
..with her dwarf husband.
i have never won an olympic medal for marksmanship.
we need to get him out of here! over.
where are we going?
is blood relationship everything?
in two weeks, well be splitting almost a million bucks.
warning for what?
evening, enos. you got your zapper? yup.
or we can sit back and watch the country destroy itself on cnn.
theres nothing here worth taking.
its me. dory
ive gone to a great deal of trouble to get you back,
how do i find him?
consider it done
ive freed you from the guilt of choosing to leave them.
feelings. only feelings.
are you happy now?
one champagne bottle please, quick.
open your mouth.
i work for the fbi.
but nells timing was impeccable, as always.
i know you understand me.
anyway, theres a chance the execution may not happen.  what?
yeah, i understand. and now, ladies and gentlemen,
no, he didnt.
that everythings gonna be okay. yeah.
is he all right?
have you come here before?
the ice may be thin, but its strong enough to hold... a ten ton mammoth and a nine ton possum!
i feel sorry for you, dad.
ian, what are you, her babysitter?
so the shit better come good like clockwork next week.
no, no, no.  she put tampons in their ears.
ill give you the blood samples, but first, i wanna talk to your client.
oh, i just got a call a prisoner was suffering from heat exhaustion.
but somehow mandira, as soon as i saw you..
you could never be a priest.
he didnt care to look at me.
baby, im like an eel.
for all the good itll do you.
not in 14 years will you let her go...
you and i both know that once you have me, theres nothing to stop you from killing everybody else on this island.
lisa?  cynthia, tell them one more minute,
we suggest breaking up his fathers company as a screw you to the old man.
im old now...
heres what you can do.
l can, his face is unforgettable.
a priest like him?
more academic bling for spencer.
you know, im going to stay here.
do u know why i come first?
as a doctor, no less.
as in platinum record.
if you have problems, you need to figure them out. all right?
i tip my hat to you, one legend to another.
because that worked so good?
cause your mom didnt want me to.
send madam back with me. keep the others out of it
will you meet me after the marriage?
ive never seen bees attack like that.
esca, whats happening?
nikki, please! papa has to go to office!
rahul... just tell me one thing...
because that would be impossible.
so, what brings you to new mexico?
am i going to have to weigh you, dear?
ill see you tomorrow.  tomorrow.
go to your room.
the blue fairy will make me into one.
buddy, come on back here, and you say thank you.
you got it.
your kingdom isnt in danger from the pindaris..
no, boone, were not lost.
theres a secondary ring here, and an inner ring.
thats because it didnt happen.
no need to bring him, tell him we were twins.
and now, the president is angry with me.
i have an overzealous campaign manager.
claire? i cant do this.
right now i hold the record for most dishes broken in a single day.
lts closer. im telling you.
hes wearing green shirt.
is mama also going to be a star?
it takes two of you to read to me now, does it?
have you talked to them?
are you kidding me?
after all youve been through. take it easy, man.
afraid of heights?
explore at the front.
i think hell bring bad name to our family.
whatever it was, it got through the trip wires.
theres another smaller island close by they took us to.
i think we did.
would you please come with me, sir?
we only have limited coverage down there.
first i will kill this girl.
are you a religious man, scofield?
youll be in trouble if you dont get my flying cacas right now!
is there any mistake?
find out the person of this number.
and weve given him every opportunity to defend himself.
do you want it there? there?
got an issue with our little friend over there?
anything you need, mr. locke, you just let me know.
its time for dinner.
no, not since the game started.
thats why shes going there.
your beauty has made my summers into rainy season,
i mean, im talkin about the whole world.
and to do that, you have to, uh, switch it on first.
that means he wasnt your friend.
enough time for jake and i to wire.
i got to find out what they were using. thats why i need your help.
youre gonna kill keefe, arent you?
i brought one.
ill not tell even if you die.
chances are he probably killed all his mates in the post office the day his mom forgot to put a cookie in his lunch.
cant you see that?
please trust me.
you flying solo tonight?
make some room for me.
hes got a lot of time on his hands so he makes phone calls.
youre right, john.
hunter up by tamarack just ran into five of the cons.
the guard there assures us that everything is fine.
you know why we cant.
i know youre really old... so im gonna say this gently.
he didnt fall.
what the fuck did you save me for?
thats nice work.
well, arent you gonna warn em?
im not saying youre not looking. oh, my gosh!
isnt it you who is standing in the front?
why are you sitting here instead of visiting the temple?
right alongside another equally famous chef,
short for asif ahmed khan.
these are here because you put them here.
they say i am yours...
he saved you because i want your life.
what do we do with him?
i think ill get a refill.
as handsome as your father.
a friend of mine asked me before i got here...
i dont know what to believe.
the crew guys that would go down to the planet with the main guys, the captain and the guy with the pointy ears.
someone could get killed.
wait for my signal.
im going to find alan and well figure this thing out from the other side.
dont even hold the door.
look as bad as it feels?
and i need you.
we crashed, my wife and i.
its possible she got married, changed her name.
whats he doing?
in about 15 minutes, youre either gonna be very right or very wrong.
they were just a couple of models.
bravery is just dumb! maybe you should just run away more..
im going to salvage what i can of the radio. sayid lf we leave now, we should beat the storm back.
if it were, wed be eating poptarts with kim novak.
and, jack, you may want to consider locking the medicine in here, too.
but it never worked out.
a red mustang with engine trouble.
you know, its a saturday.
...the immortal language of love
maybe he deserves it.  thats just it.
i think you and this kid are the same person.
i better go.
here, cut the others free.
if i hear that girls name, ill get you and that girl killed.
thats why i slapped you.
come back with me.
i spent the morning delving into the exotic world of agriculture equipment and it seems that kyle and rickman were partners in the 80s.
well see about that.
this must be quite the outofbody experience.
are these your boats?
you bring her here.
can you sit down, please?
we will search the house.
does that mean you want to go with me?
tat means u have 400 patents in ur name?
theythe be on their way.
she didnt know what she was doing.
its just unreal.
its an intense thing.
well, when im done, better than ever.
why would she spite you?
you guys, come here.
tell him ill handle it...
at least your birthdays will be close togethe... you and your baby... and thats good luck.
is that a new phone?
come on get back to work.
you will not!
sir, it looks like shes heading towards sublevel b boiler room and laundry.
why do you do that?
im going. sawyer...
if you interfere, im gonna kill you, too.
this is not yours, this is my trouble.
nonetheless, we should take this conversation to a more appropriate venue.
mom, did i ever tell you about the farrow spider?
easy, my man.
they give the front seats to the shining white army and seat us behind.
l told you id take care of you.
somewhere better than here.
think of all those germans that you could bayonet with your epigrams.
the handcuffs were on you. thats how you knew.
shut up! he is my brother.
i would have stopped, but you werent alone.
cant knock your taste in women.
this deal is okay to me.
if we dont succeed, you can die too.
i can cut my own damn hair.
were just not on the song we want to be on.
go back, theres a...
and i have a really good reason why im lying to you.
ill be right in.
you really didnt kill that bartender, did you?
no. hes at home.
can it wait till after?
anything youd testify to?
this is not your decision.
its made of lead armor.
where in the hell are they?
ill handover him to you in near future.
lasso that swine!
and jacks got the bandages.
hes been a hermit for years, and suddenly hes one of smallvilles most wanted.
youre a freak.
branding. theyll eat it up.
come on, vincent.
its not like the luthors cant afford it.
you know what? fuck this.
one small issue, however.
i saw the name on the account was jim gage.
said he pulled hundreds of jobs.
reese, you havent spoken in eight days now.
leaving you was the hardest thing ive done in 100 years.
i got you. its all right. its ok.
lt happened in the night, it happened in my dreams.
you all right?
ben, theyve been asking me about their mother in los angeles. im not really sure what to say.
no, no, thats good.
could you do that ogre roar of yours for my son?
but i dont want your help anymore.
serve u.s., e.z. living, robiville?
digging in anywhere else is suicide.
her images crisscross my mind, awash in colours
im so happy.
theres a bunch of people there now.
dont like flowers in the house, cause they remind me of funerals.
there is no god darn book!
that was my first impression, anyway.
come with me.
they knew the elevator was empty.
monsieur, i have the information.
alpha zulu six eight niner.
that he would be forgiven as long as he was sorry.
im so sorry. i didnt hear you.
where are babys kissable lips?
and how do you know that?
dont eat me. aah! dory
we gave him to them... to the others.
did you see me?
all right, listen up.
bring your own things.
wait here, ill be right back.
i love you, sandy.
in that case, you can have your slogan back.
lana, it was just a prank.
six trucks, two banks.
you just dont want to find him.
speak now or forever hold your peace.
you heard john. were going to move the island.
what about the new teacher?
two questions cost five newbucks with a third question on the house.
much obliged, maam.
thats what i get for trusting a...
try not to look conspicuous.
and if u wanna pass, ull write this itself.... but sir, ther are other books also get out!
whats this sound?
if youre going through with this, may i suggest you permit me to activate the turbo boost?
at your place?
all right, just calm down. ill get him for you.
look, she doesnt believe me.
you think bellicks gonna pop me for what happened to that stinking c.o. bob.
dont listen to anything my sister says.
theres a lot of folks on a pressure these days.
bringing water down. bringing fish back.
lets hang a sheet.
61, going down.
youve got it in you.
just give me a gun, sawyer.
give it up, fish.
i... need to get dressed.
lets see if he backs down again.
damn it. im out of ammo.
dont pick up the phone, dont answer the door and dont leave the house.
i wonder what tea they serve.
you know theyd probably kill us.
packing up campaign headquarters?
...at least until we get an autopsy report
its behind that picture.
and i dunno about you, brother, but every time i walk past that concrete wall out there, my fillings hurt.
youre just not good for me.
he told me
no, no, leave me alone!
can i tell you what else they have in common?
what the hells that?
hes ready to give the tape.
us cos need to get tough.
these invaders from another universe cant be trusted.
you will wont you rahul? for my sake.
they smell even worse when they burn, dont they?
perhaps you will get your bearings or see the plane.
its an unfortunate combination of human error and bad luck.
whats going on?
keep it here.  take it.
i need you down there.
you can buy tickets to the formal here.
its nice that you see me so much now...
thats not why im apologizing.
of course, i want to.
how about some lunch, mrs. sikes?
i think shes very poor, if you take a child without her knowledge, her difficulties will ease and your daughterinlaw will also be happy.
you found it. you found it. you found it.
aarush, i dont understand.
not in this, sir.
i dont know, man. i dont see shit.
and if you say another word,
keep looking. its gotta be here somewhere.
one man can... make a difference.
whatre you talking about?
no, i didnt see anything.
help yourself to the punch.
god, i hope he marries me.
lets say, for example, you have some gorgeous woman...
i would never have the guts to say this if you werent.
notjust the british.
four at a time, by hand, till we can find some kind of shovel.
take one more step...
this might sound odd, but im glad youre here. meaning, as much as id love to kill you, im glad shes warm.
this... whatever is going on isnt done by my daughter.
that aint for you to decide.
give her a kiss!
we did it so that we could get inside, hugo.
to be honest with you, im a little surprised to see him.
and i said, nothing.
oh man, im sorry, dude.
my shoelace is stuck.
maybe its time we went and saw him.
im veronica donovan.
we didnt have very many, uh, meaningful experiences together.
sorry. forgot. just one thing, though.
im so sorry that i couldnt...
well, my candidate may have won, but my friend lost.
mama mia, my publicity stopped.
a mistake sending him alone. let me talk to the lnspector
fionas old flame, the keeper of the keep dragon!
no, but its protocol, and were all gonna do this by the book.
kate and hurley, whered they go?
the only way to reach it under the ship.
i really have to go.
i knew it, gangsters are all crooks.
i know its d!
youre just about to offer me a silver bullet.
they really didnt make any sense.
i only grazed you. next time you wont be so lucky l came to talk peace
who did you say?
you saved my life
youre not safe here.
i was just wondering that myself.
you see anything? definitive cuts?
well,jack sounds like a piece of work.
i cant believe youre alive.
and, second, hell bring daughterinlaw home.
not only you, didnt i too expect.
ill see you in a couple of weeks, all right?
im sorry, i didnt realize.
i will point out where you went wrong in your calculations.
yeah, but i had it coming.
i have no idea.
well, you just lost your family, all your friends. you are lonely.
your daughters in there.
lillian, this is madness!
so, thats what fatherly advice is like.
lets get out of here.
..and thats why this first age group is kept in mind.
how much time is that?
the only person you know... ..is private willis and captain cahill.
i know all of this because this journal contains everything ive ever learned about the dharma initiative.
your mom sent me a box of his stuff after he died.
welcome back, michael.
just pull the sail down.
the light is gone pia oh god!
maya what are you doing?
what does he think?
haywire, get in here.
how are you doing, amy?
hello.... this is not a philosophy class!
bulls find this stuff, theyll know were digging.
i dont give a shit. move.
daniel... no more flash?
im gonna check...check on daddy, okay.
hey, little buddy!
my brother and i often go hunting for food, but, unfortunately, my brother isnt the best hunter in the world.
all right, listen up.
its like a posttraumatic stress disorder.
i was happy, too, jack...
learn well jake sully.
knights got trouble getting around the caddy, but he barely made it.
my friend is alive, ill bring someone related to major.
see you in another life, yeah?
do you remember what you were watching?
you are on pandora, ladies and gentlemen.
it was you.
hes not lying.
i am missing you!
do you think more planes will come?
guy ran with the bulls.
this might just be our lucky day.
..wont work here.
i chased him away.
its in your hands now!
well, debbie was a very lucky woman.
you knew this would happen?
look, ill forget you broke my lock if you tell your mates that all you found was rubbish left behind by a madman.
dude, were gonna need a lot more rocks.
and you call him a friend, do you?
ha ha ha ha!
ill lie for the last time.
this is my church.
how well do you know him?
you cant do that to your mom.
you will go to every one of them and sell these. understand?
see you next week.
i dont care about her.
he wants to meet you.
theres no one in our system with the name kevin peterson.
its not your fault, its mine.
he left me alone to face 40 men.
it doesnt matter what happened to him because knowing that is not your job.
dont tell them im here. all right.
is he your biological son?
you took a sodding what?
i liked the kiss, but i dont know what that kiss means.
we offered her asylum in exchange for her surrender.
..i wanted to tell you about rahul.
you remember the first look when you saw it?
i think gregs found his mate.
bring who back?
did you think you could hide from me?
let them distract you.
ls it zee tv tammineni srinivasa rao?
you could use your pull, take a couple of pictures.
i have a 3monthold son, so, no, i havent told him.
im not allowed to go home without him.
just... you got to show them to me.
you are one of a kind, you know that?
there were 23 people on that deck.
somewhere where we can see whats going on.
youve worn lingerie for me.
now, how did the airbenders know you were the avatar, little one?
it was mutual, and, honestly,
okay, rewind. i need you to say that last part again.
leclaire likes it, yeah?
the same reason he hung his fantasy girlies on the wall.
about a year.
you might wanna look at this first.
walt knows his own mind.
a free man at the start of a long journey whose conclusion is uncertain.
isnt it? thats why weve come to a pub.
i wouldnt do that.
all right. ill cover you.
julius, with all of this, i, uh...
what is in the safe?
burning the remains.
the song demands that..
either way, youll shine.
i got a good sense.
so you called the police?
i wont bet on floods!
but we met jenny and told her the truth.
or, that he has lost his grip on reality?
attention all stations, this is a systemwide broadcast from radzinsky at the flame.
come on girls, get in the car.
no distress call.
already told you. it was nothin.
why all the secrecy?
youll never meet a more eloquent philosopher of pure folly.
confess your mortal sins.
but he never fired at me.
that night, after dinner,
when i was reading her words, it was like she was talking to me.
thats always been my point.
but your mother will protect you.
but dont feel too bad for him.
the baby will be safe in their care.
why the hell would i go back to work for you people?
im moving at home right now.
what,youre leavin because of this? thats that?
its on the side!
want chewing gum?
youre here. youre back. so are the rest of them.
prem has done it.
but i cant imagine it survived the fall.
yeah. thanks. welcome aboard, kevin.
where are you?
and then where would we be?
theres gonna be a crash.
i got you, guerrero!
youre crazy, you know that?
okay, youre, uh...
see the flux vortex and these full color images?
i know who i am.
you mind helping me out with this?
she had locked something away, something deep inside.
are you trying to tell me that your friends were in the dharma initiative?
because this isnt happening.
dont you think there will be questions?
and i say, its a lot funner word to say.
i wanted him to think that you fooled me,too.
its not my call, sir.
this place, the computer.
not fever... mother shes rukhsar!
and the resulting stock devaluation?
hes coming that way.
man, im just saying, i dont wanna be chained to a murderer.
let me please.
ill take him home.
exactly who are you doing this for, peter?
the vaccine was in here!
you go to saint finbars?
and royalty is compelled to dance with commoners.
things are not looking good aman!
come find me when youre ready to talk.
theres only one way to go...
unseen and unheard feelings are aroused.
so i decided to search for it.
dad, im so sorry.
yes. sure. hes just really shy.
look at this.
no, no, thats okay.
with that first look, she held my eyes
its called a long con.
ill take it easy, all right!
im sorry that i am not as perfect as you.
at that time, the temple where the people worshipped was in ruin.
but i never got a chance to... to bury my... my son.
easy there, mr. kent.
reduced the weight load when we started going down.
because of your warning, were alive and our two sons are safe.
okay, push now, penny. push. now!
wait, wait, i think i saw something.
all right then, ill take you to the bomb.
no. i heard them whispering.
we mark our progress by line of sight.
i thought, why am i doing this, wearing a fake smile and stupid outfit for people who will do anything to win a game?
yeah, i know where we are, gloans.
oh, my goodness. i hope it is something serious.
i know you think everythings going to work out, but i dont.
who the hell would wanna go after sun?
im ms. simmons.
look up, charlie.
i heard you guys needed a lift!
im looking to do some damage.
big businesses of big people.
and when your friends got there, a bunch of my peopled be waiting for them.
you dont wanna know.
you cant bring monk gyatso back, but sokka and i can be with you as long as you need!
wait, no, no, im coming.
hes the one whos trying to take aaron.  no. no.
it could be loan papers for the addition.
there was a huge explosion. i was cleaning at the time.
get behind me, claire.
afraid ill stage a coup?
you want to come in?
royce king was the most eligible bachelor in town.
everything i know about charles widmore is in this file.
no, were not, were not. were just stretching, thats all.
she studied english in germany.  i studied psychology.
youve only men, dont you have dogs?
..now, he cant harm us anymore.
jodi wouldnt let anything keep her from getting to that party.
welcome to death race.
wait. i cant leave jenny.
he was abusing me and suddenly changed on seeing me.
i just transcribed it.
she claims she never told him, or gusteau, and asks that i not tell.
ill call you later with the room number.
by the way your hair looks beautiful when left loose.
not without help.
was it my fault?
im not showing anyone in our system with that name.
and, uh, its not like hes gonna disappear from your life.
i got a little time. chloes picking me up.
she was moving back to the beach.
a fresh face to present to the world.
we were just having... paul, paul...
why does hugo have everything?
oh, i didnt know that.
blow air into its mouth..
this thing was a fullgrown man.
and where did you disappear to with them for so long?
why would you change your
do you have a number for the fbi?
what did you say your name was?
will you stay?
you will be unconscious before it happens.
he has warned to take our lives and youre sitting here coolly.
if it goes down, were gonna be a wreck on a wreck.
so whats your name, anyway?
you know it.
can we do that?
i was thinking maybe i could get it to play some music. you know, for libby.
how did you see through my eyes?
i just want to lie here.
so he may not be the same person you remember.
theres no other way to visitation.
but did you tell them..
apparently, a rival coffeehouse has had several healthdepartment violations...
and this is his son... god!
locals call it as arrack, here its beer.
at least forgive me now...
it changes nothing.
thats what you told me.
the same as the lnspector
let me see your arm.
get the irons...
yaar pia..there is a small..minor tension..
whats going on?
his name, who was he?
you think your shit smells sweeter than most.
do you need immigration forms?
that greenhouse is a long ways away.
dont forget to write to father..
perhaps the worst is over.
this will not work out, priya.
oh, i wanted to surprise you.
the river ows north.
i gotta be back in.
all this time, youve been hiding it. now you can show him.
minimum federal sentencing, 10 years.
do you know where your camp is from here?
..and then that boys life.
get an ambulance.
are you okay?
im glad you like it.
its why you and vika are still alive.
sure you can.
i think... you should start coming to office with me.
you dont want to know.
i need you to come to us.
ive got an idea.
yeah. i got eaten up alive myself out there.
love lays dying?
so, jack, whats the combo?
he was taken to the republican guard intelligence commander, a man named tariq.
they develop a whole new set of skills.
..but they wont let me.
youll catch your plane.
what would make you happy?
and i want it back.
why are you putting up shop on road?
there was a spark... a spark inside her heart
i dont know if that boat out there is the answer, but its something.
dad, i said the girl isnt bad.
reasonable hed be here in the morning.
speak for yourself.
ill get you on a plane back to sydney on our dime.
he might be hungry.
i got it, ill deal it.  not you, call seenu.
i know that you dont like the covers wrapped around your feet, and i know that you sleep by candlelight because every time you close your eyes youre afraid youre gonna wake up back in that tower.
youre sick, hunt.
very well may be.
you say that like its a good thing.
..is holding his fathers shoulder and pedaling.
i have their yesterday...
theres no... you and me going for coffee.
two men up front, two men in the back.
he got a scholarship at michigan university.
im sure hell be back...
theyre cursed. you know that, right?
if i wanted someone from the motor pool, i would have asked them.
the one charm of the past is that its the past.
not another word or ill come down there ...and push you over myself!
didnt your parents teach you to respect your elders?
yeah, i heard you, but unless the rigs on fire and about to explode, its goanna have to wait till i finish this.
and do you know what was behind the third one?
i thought they lived a day back that way.
okay, lets go.
why dont you just put that...?
i got a new cell mate.
from the ocean...
l dont want to befriend him.
i remember how my dad used to say how hed be there the day i threw my first pass for the sharks.
see, it works.
we used to be best friends.
what makes you say that?
those bastards have had at me for two days.
how long did you say that you were down there in the hatch?
suck your paunch in..
look, he definitely has 20.
what are you doing. huh?
when youre ready, mr. locke, youll listen to what im saying.
its my fault im here by myself.
will! hang on!
its worth a shot.
everyone has to work...
im hosting a dinner tomorrow for the local farming community.
well, if you must.
lets go! lets get it done!
you can write that off.
you know, its probably electrical, based on the speed of the reaction.
and that can be a fatal flaw.
we dont have enough for a conviction.
i dont know, i...
leaves rustle, branches snap whispers tell me you saw that.
shut up, man. shut up!
divya, hes so cute.
if only you say yes, then life... can spring forth from the fountainhead... to spew my pearls of life upon your path
but,i mean,how can you resist after that well,ill keep you safe thing?
i used to think it was benign neglect, but now i see that youre intentionally screwing me.
just the five of us.
we dont have time for this. im getting off at kyoto.
i really am. so dont take it personal when i tell you to go f
i dont know.
nice work, john.
nobodys ever gotten your testimony.
and no, i didnt tell the other guys, only because theyd flip the fuck out.
you are either very lucky or very unlucky.
found you a new cellie.
25, this is 64. over.
my dad used to sing that to me when i was little.
youre in a restricted area.
you seem surprised.
the murder weapon is found in lincolns house, and the victims blood found on his clothes.
the women in your life will only be terribly hurt.
yeah. i do.
hello, yourself, box man.
my son is in love.
i can talk to him, horace. i just need more time.
well, i just didnt have time to talk you back into hanging yourself.
you paged me?
now this i can do.
maybe he meets somebody there, maybe he doesnt.
hello, mr. goodspeed.
what, are you gunning for father of the year now?
this is the best day ever!
grab everything! hit the junkyards! take apart the cars!
why does he care so much?
you dont get to come back from that.
thats her mothers last memorabilia.
no, i m just taking a walk.
im not so sure.
thats part of the deal.
ill give it a shot.
using rubber cement?
you stupid son of a bitch!
so, were all good? everything good?
when it first started happening i thought it was a curse.
my daughter, i cant find her.
only i can achieve, would speak of my vanity.
all right, you can hang out here until we can figure out
you want one, ask the lady.
,i dont know, maybe work someplace else for about 45 minutes?
... andthenhe justlaughed.
im looking for any lead on the boys who killed my son.
i know. she must be rich.
it was in here.
an old one from one of the trucks or something?
you mean youll help?
you just got it out yesterday, right?
you shouldve gone with him.
theyre gonna attack.
they say my sister is pregnant, if its true, ill lose my honour.
whats wrong with charlie?
one, two, three!
no, im serious. somethings wrong.
its not a race, mona.
liam and i dont exactly keep in touch and theres been some problems with royalties.
now, why the hell would you wanna do that?
thank you for trying.
there are 4 woman like gents bodyguards.
its a waste of time.
can you fix a computer?
i was surprised to see jenny in goa.
his right leg is filling with blood.
why did i everwant to marry guddu?
its used in the manufacture of glue.
its a good thing youre bulletproof.
luck has no business in a rail yard.
james, we talked about this.
its only animal fat.
he doesnt move unless i say so.
sorry to bother you, mr perkins, but i figured that you would want to see this!
this big house has you wearing really small clothes... thats why.
were not talking about me.
and mind you, my name is jitesh.
im sorry, jenny.
did you hear what i just said?
that mean something?
give me the baby.
my energy is down after running around, can you offer me a health drink, aunt?
youre burning up. why dont you go back to bed.
amy, hey, whats wrong?
i just dont know.
..to prove that her love is true.
she gets tampons.
you think theres home?
and philly. before you pull the trigger,
ill try to come home early, ok?
its over sir ure late!
thats no place for a child.
im allergic to bees!
i mean, hes a cat.
proud of me for what?
you stole them from me.
you said you had a question.
were gonna die.
an uninhabited island in the lesser sunda islands called membata.
by the way how much was it for?
never heard of anyone called that before.
and youre still you.
and dont tell me you made me up.
we dont need to play games, son.
..as rebellious farmers and warriors.
what did you call me?
hey, jackson, you need to realise that some men prefer the company of women.
so if you want to go, you are going to have to walk yourselves.
... isbecausehe wantstofuck me.
so you thought you would take advantage of my familys problem.
did you follow her?
so whyd you come to see me?
before the beast in me stirs take her away
no. neither do i.
why do you get tensed?
please return to your seats.
l marked you to be mine
got an issue with our little friend over there?
this is where the canary is.
now we can go.
you look very waitresslike.
we were not supposed to leave.
and im honoured to share the time of rizvan khan.
im standing outside the memorial building..
one look and i knew we had the same crazy idea.
yeah, you take him back to camp. im gonna get that boar.
..when ill behead him, and it makes me happy.
im not going extinct!
i... dont even know what just us means anymore.
are you following him?
you and i are going to have a little talk, nathan.
so good night, everybody.  good night.  good night.
you think all this is easy for me?
well, why would you...?
the wild ass boy came home to his wild ass mother...
take your time.
i dont know how to use a gun?
i cant fail.
i made you some tea.
first chapter in psychology.
but not the soul.
more than 20.
he told me i could borrow the car whenever i wanted, grace.
yeah, we can sit inside, like the old car washes.
what does it say?
im sorry, son. i didnt know how you felt about her.
check out page three of the ledger tomorrow.
what is happening to me?
who do you think?
its a national competition for historical writing.
i keep looking. its a bad childhood habit.
thats very good news.
i knew it was you.
why, thank you, mrs. meacham.
unless you dont.
oh, you like the rough stuff, huh?
ill kill and bury you, go inside.
so whats it like, having both the doctor and captain falafel fighting over you?
well, maybe i can help.
so how can i break the traditions of this house?
but before killing you.
howd he strike you?
since you have expressed such an interest in his cooking career, you shall be responsible for it.
this is not a good idea.
actually, may we sit down?
i do, but this is happening to me and im scared.
a lot of what ifs and conjecture, you know.
ohh. oh, oh.
ammi had said, a khan always keeps his word!
felt i owed you that much.
make no mistake people, theyre out there.
and they chased you out the crowd because of what?
dont go anywhere, okay?
mind your own business.
you better keep your mouth shut,
im ready to go.
i need all of you to head back down to the beach, and when these people show up, we wanna make sure that were real easy for them to find, okay?
what happened to your arm?
well do a full inventory, including everything in the trunk.
yeah, you like that?
we have to warn lana.
you wanna break seven virgin marys, be my guest. im superstitious.
are we on tv?
what did he look like?
when i can tap their phones, cant i tap your phone?
well i guess theyre running out ofjail space.
youre not able to understand, if you escape, ill be in trouble.
what he wanted with claire.
people who i believe can fix my charges permanently.
she puts them in her kids ears.
otherwise after 50yrs when ull be old and fallen in the hospital... and be waiting to die ull think then..
are you sure you need to do this?
i cant go through it again.
subtitles by julie meyer
no, mother. shes not like that.
focus on it. all right?
we need at least a good 10 hours.
thing is, trokey, if i get popped for this, what with my priors and... predisposition to violent behavior...
hang on. we got a situation down...
its extra smooth.
do you want to buy the frame?
a mild concussion. other than that, shes fine.
but you know what i think?
what do you mean?
its going to go right through r window.
do you have to cut hair?
you put him on speaker, doofus!
i checked shimlas phone directory..in that the name was..chhanchad ranchhodas then how did his appearance change?
take away that circuit, clear skies.
then shes honey.
take a look at the malls name.
were supposed to pick up 25 cars just past stanton, then its pretty much a straight shot through wilkins.
im so glad my head didnt break it.
do i look like im imagined?
im fixing it.
they dont have your ideals.
ive your ips brothers permission.
you go back now... just go back.
and you know what happened?
as for giuseppe baldini, the acquisition of grenouille miraculously transformed his dwindling business, even surpassing its former glory.
and when im done with you, theres your mom...
i cant let you destroy it.
i will be right back, dont just bail me now.
because i needed him.
to alleviate your concern,i will check the files of everyone working in knight industries
i can understand...
whats the matter?
no one said its getting worse.
she doesnt know.
curse you, aquascum!
you dont quite know how?
no one will stop you.
anyway... theres a pay phone in this bar, and this guy...
you looked like a pinata. well, obviously without all the candy.
so, are you a priest or arent you?
hail president prem!
what happened yesterday,
kiosk her to marry me.
sorry we didnt get further on your speech.
come on, lets go get that moon.
you said it yourself.
how you amass this information never ceases to amaze me.
perhaps you can come and have supper with us sometime.
all hell broke loose up here, man!
that kid is be thats not ben yet.
theyre gone, and were not.
lets just go. lets go back.
gentle breeze,touch and go, im all smiles,these moments are saving happiness, im seeing adjusting the rear view mirror to see your eyes,
good to have you back.
i didnt hear you come in, man.
come on, man. its me.
itsits monday, man.
we have won the match.
mostly its to remind myself that there was literature before laptops.
say that you dont love him.
id rather call it off.
besides, one cant underestimate how much the past informs the present.
thats right, baby. come to papa.
i still cant figure out how he knew that kaspar hauser was murdered.
we are deciphering them.
we didnt get enough fuel!
does anyone else have a problem with that?
well, thanks for the pep talk.
i will not be tricked by these deep eyes.
october 24th, sir. 2005?
i am fine.
what then dad?
im sorry about earl.
its a gift from my father.
well, you can ask me anything, iris.
i had to make sure hurley was safe.
i cant write mine.
think hes being straight up?
and these white folk? all blind donkeys!
well check on you in the morning.
here, let me spell it out for you!
you still getting in trouble, dad?
hes my son.
is she the queen of england that shes got the table in the front?
im happy to leave the other boat for you  in case you want to follow us.
drop your weapon!
marriage is not a joke.
this is old.
im out of town for a while.
listen you cant do this...
i need to tell you..
i came out and someone grabbed me from behind
i dunno.. that makes two!
watch the film.
... thattherealityofonenight ...
its really boring.
up until three months ago, there was no michael knight.
excuse me, but what about the paintings in those big churches in europe?
let me go first.
the pilot said he lost communication with the ground?
the same goes for you.
all right, well, what do you do after that?
i need you to take care of fischer while i go set some charges, okay?
i didnt mean to bother you on your big day.
because i didnt know what i had until it was gone!
he couldve given him a thousand.
mandira. he knows my name.
im going to the barracks. the others abandoned them.
she took care of me. she took care of all of us. she
first, you were all, like, whoa!... and then we were all, like, whoa!... and then you were, like, whoa.
by now, they know we failed.
i wish you had. i might be a better man.
okay, i should not be here.
ill have his license revoked!
i would, but im pretty much under house arrest with shing tsing and laura.
when did you go and join the other side?
and so you can!
clark, are you okay?
were going with you.
ive made my choice.
you know the funniest thing about being in prison?
juvenile diabetes. lts an inborn ailment.
about four years ago i was in thomaston on a twotothree stretch.
..you will shut your encyclopedia.
two pilots are dead, two crew chiefs are wounded!
mr.steadman, take a few steps back.
yes, that is right.
isnt there anything we can do for her?
oh, god, not the baby maker.
my hands may be sullied but ive looked afteryourwife with much respect
i must ask you, though...
my man delivered.  and it wasnt so easy.
wheres the baby?
no, i just want you to understand if im guilty of anything regarding your family, its envy.
this is a matter for the police.
i dont know, son they said they were in a hurry.
how did he get my offices key?
i thought i was stronger than that.
so you go on and stamp your forms, sonny, and stop wasting my time.
youre on the right path, veer.
is this a permanent thing?
i realize that our alliance is, at times, uneasy.
its charlie. wake up!
somebodys banging on those pipes?  exactly what i think.
no. no,hes a good sleeper.
dont be using a foot, man. use something that aint gonna get hurt.
what is it, kate?
happy birthday, dear aladin.
i dont believe this.
this is fucking bullshit.
yeah, so, heres the lieutenant right up here, 1 oclock.
i cant stop it!
and now i am the wicked witch!
i cannot waste time with these classes and... ,these books,
and we were invited to both the home to get kicked come come inside
well, if its any comfort, my middle names henrietta.
isnt it alarmed?
the end of the world..!
no, no, no mandira please dont die.
let go off me!
... orifyousay asingleword to anyone...
youre gonna have to die, john.
everything that you touch you mess up... including my love life.
why is this plane so damn important?
whats this lousy title?
locke found a... a hatch in the ground.
now, in a dream, our mind continuously does this.
we gonna see this bitch on the street every day?
i you are.
whitney, which one got to her first?
the plant made a profit this quarter for the first time in two years.
i didnt see a farm. and that one, too.
..then im not with you.
mr quinn, mind telling us what were doing here?
and for the most part, he keeps to himself,
hell be home any minute.
how could you understand?
were all going to die!
even if you go there, you cant free your father.
this is a very dangerous area.
maybe we should climb up there... no!
thats why you need to ask him again.
youre running because of lana.
know anything about that?
did you get an a ?
i dont see anything.
i must stay and complete my work here.
im starving. i havent eaten anything all day.
youre making that up.
the people from the boat are already on their way back, and once they get here, all of these questions wont matter one bit.
dont be stupid.
somebody please help me!
nothing she wasnt willing to part with.
he was trying to help us.
i understand youre mad at him but you need to talk to him.
i was making a scrapbook.
you mind telling us who youre getting your orders from, colonel kurtz?
come on, i know youre around here somewhere.
you might wanna fasten your seat belt.
oh, sasha called.
so, where did you train, linguini?
theres environmental issues, allergies, religious requirements, take your pick.
no, cause youre not here.
scares the living hell out of me.
i cant find her.
mr galvin, how are you? god damn it.
goddamn it, i fucking told you.
wanna see something fucked up?
is my roommate a dick?
i was riding back to galveston after evacuating a column of women and children when i saw them.
it was never his coven
hi, clark.  hi, amy.
well, this is embarrassing.
hey, jeff, man, you know what?
run, run, run away
but slamming the door in his face over and over only helps turn him into exactly what you think he already is.
whats in the bag?
last time i looked, you didnt need a parachute to get there.
its not right.
but i know what to do.
the choice is yours.
didnt you hear me say that the signal in the satellite feed is recycling down to extinction?
get the fuck out of here.
i got friends that are guards at walpole.
the chances of us shooting each other are higher.
believe me, i havent got anything better to do.
you dont know who well be meeting out there.
i hope you get frostbite in alaska!
what do we have to recover? nothing.
she say anything?
jack and kate just went running after it.
you think he found the hole?
you said a robbery?
i bet fiona would be really touched to hear that.
so best thing to do right now is just stick together.
the bear told me.
yo, yo, yo.
she walked off in the middle of the night.
well, let me uncomplicate it for you.
so how do you feel about wrapping the rest of the presents?
the colossal prick even managed to sound magnanimous.
oh, you shootin aliens.
youre good only for rubber slippers, snap out of it!
maybe its got your scent. doesnt like your cologne.
we figured you didnt survive the rapids.
south beach. thats where i should be.
sir, but why?
we dont know whats out there.
are you sure youre okay?
whats the matter? you ok?
yeah, its very official.
i heard that you have all the medical supplies.
its on the way.
but you have to.
find the trail.
..and never before has anyone..
shall i cut your nose off?
you took my money.
its dualband. military spec.
check your timetable.
looks like were gonna have ourselves a good oldfashioned standoff.
are you listening to me? dont touch the bo...
dont you say no to me!
nowhere near as much as i wish it was true, friend.
stay away from me.
who cares, man?
i do kind of dig the chick who works at the bin.
allow me to introduce myself.
cant thank you enough.
i just  you know, the papers kind of my identity and its the only thing clark and i do together.
they put the time of death between eight and twelve hours ago.
he lettered in three sports at state.
shes not breathing. watch out.
at least thats the plan.
doesnt matter who i am.
..but your phone got disconnected.
which city will be reached first?
i felt like i had to explain tonight to nell.
gas leak. i dont smell gas.
you know, you are allowed to call me hobart if you want.
im goanna kill this thing.
and now, im angry.
what do you mean the people arent who they say  wheres charlie?
just dont look down.
be safe, ok?
if she chooses me...
i just wanted my alex back.
was that mrs. dr. bill?
i was working for benjamin linus.
im feeling so happy!
i saw it.
well, we knew that was a possibility.
we have to go.
im goanna wait up on the helicopter pad with a bunch of pipes and knives.
dont do that to your tie please!
clark. clark, i need you to stay here.
in the evenings, the occasional music concerts, either by visiting orchestras or, indeed, by talented musicians from within the camp itself, are always well attended.
why do i need to pretend?
happens all the time.
this is your home now.
likewise, he remembers tasks by writing.
and english, fitz and percy?
its a trap, right?
evacuate the hotel! get everyone out!
sorry, i think you have the wrong room. nope.
i take the newer medications but i still see things that are not here.
you pushed everyone away.
i dont believe it.
but youll need to know more than soup if you are to survive in my kitchen, boy.
i do stuff. yes, and im sure that once i deploy my journalistic skills on you ill unearth a skeleton or two.
yes! yeah! yeah!
lamp it up in here again, im fittin to wreck some shop.
who are you?
there seems to be a problem.
you want me to put you in the hospital?
so, where are you coming from?
well, that would be terrific if i happened to be working under it.
what are you talking about?
by cramming, u can save 4 years of ur college life..
and how actly is it that you know all about captain norris?
dont pay him any mind, honey.
the stage is set, the night moist with apprehension.
of course, every effort was made to resuscitate her, but the severity of her injuries, the amount of internal bleeding made that impossible.
maybe its a trap.
actually a plane crash.
smallvilles resident cynic have a change of heart?
well, you know i would have gotten it out eventually.
where am i?
but the more upset you are, the more dangerous it is for you, and your baby.
how am i supposed to be in here saving the world if im melting?
i apologize, lord sopespian.
i can do anything for you.
man, youre never gonna get to fly the space shuttle if you marry a stripper.
did you see that?
the sooner you face these facts, the better off we will all be.
thats why my father and i have pledged to find mr. jenkins the best medical care possible.
move, people, move!
did the bullet bounce off your skull, or did the gun just jam on you?
whats going on?
she was serving us itchy roti, dont make fun of my mother hey leave it, why u all fighting?
so you fought in the korean war?
they destroy us onstage.
please turn it off!
get on up!
lockes the guy that killed naomi. give me back my gun, shephard.
you just keep doing whatever it is you do around here.
he knew what they would do to her.
what do you think im gonna do?
weve come leaving ourjobs for him and hes refusing to board the bus.
mikhail, from in the joint, sent me.
the blood memories of this wretched creature has shown me that your treachery knows no bounds
... itsa medicalmatter.
stromalitic cyanobacteria! gather.
thats breaking and entering to you.
20 dollars for coffee and pie?
this house is trapped by such a curse that if someone passes from its shadow that person surely has to die.
im gonna bring him back.
all right. great.
no, hes scanning cold.
it doesnt bother me anymore.
her blood appeals to you so much it makes me thirsty.
you, like, the last mexican jew, or what?
youre anticipating every one of my moves, three moves in advance.
we dont need you.
telling her what?
whatever happened today, started..
that doesnt make it a friend.
i can feel it.
if a rush of danger is what it takes to see him, then thas what ill find.
were all scared.
how does it fit?
please take it off thank you hi handsome hey aunty, youre looking good dont miss my set darling rubies?
you have a list pretty much ready to go on anything, dont you?
you... for sanjay singhania!
this is special.
you did all you could here.
they went this way.
it just seems like an awful lot of effort for a hunch.
my little creation.
i know at least one polar bear seems to think so.
i need to know if he was telling the truth.
sweetheart, ive been so scared.
your past can no longer come back to haunt you, or endanger sarah,
come on, what are you talking about?
and i have to pee all the time.
your pda, you got it?
brother. im brother only to my sisters.
well, maybe i shouldnt be dating such an old man.
you got a prescription for that?
go around, asshole!
now, clark has a gift and i would like to use his talents to further my cause.
narsing has cheated us.
meet me at the fucking switch!
the l4. yeah. yeah.
its gotta be here. where is it?
youre like the twentieth person to ask me that.
so, you drink unsweetened cinnamon light soy lattes?
while ive still got my life.
no, no, no, no!
well done, professor.
no catch. well, maybe one.
it would be much the same today... but then...
well, i wouldnt know about that.
oh, no, id rather you didnt.
thats why ive brought a sacred thread along.
clark, my job is about scenarios.
are you one of those hardcore spinal surgeons? thats me.
the boat is moving!
thats got to be what skyler saw.
get your boss.
mine is named colette.
its a race bike.
you like me.
she was in pain!
tell me, linguini, about your interests.
so youre just gonna let her go?
he relishes the chance to show the people the courage of their new king.
i havent drawn any conclusion about what ive seen.
beyond these woods, im a prince.
wonder what the government officials would call this..
emergency or not, dr. shephard, you have no business being here.
never mind, jenny.
of course he did make me cough them back up again for breakfast.
theres a 98 chance ill never get any feeling back in my legs.
marys behavior is definitely indicative of someone in the midst of an emotional breakdown.
you look amazing, mrs. harford.
you were in a psych ward?
why would anyone wanna salt it?
check the door.
helping my mom.
well, i mean, its my day job.
any information at all. my number is there.  okay.
smashed in their head with a stone.
i can introduce you to the artist later, if you like.
buckle up, boys!
look, abort. get out of there.
come on, scott, pick up. scott, pick up.
do you really buy this, my wife told me to meet the president shit?
you keep quiet.
i see you.
im sorry, are we early?
im fittin to bounce.
if we move all night, maybe we can still catch them.
i dont know, man.
lets all join in wishing..
what is inside of it?
i believe fate has given us our answer
weve been here six days. i never talked to her. never said a word.
in short, his entire life!
tier 3 south, clear!
nate  you should go back to the road.
a great deal hell have to know about it before its safe for him to drive.
am i a school kid to get shocked?
the sedative i gave you was very mild.
well, what can i say?
and you crashed in that plane.
that beneath all the charm, youre in fact quite heartless?
send me home lf you wander in the sun youll turn the same colour as us.
im tired of taking.
because what? i cut in too many cars.
we got a bunch of stuff that we salvaged from the plane.
i just wanted to see something.
but iris, we live together.
slip this from my wallet from me while proposing to me?
i dont think those hand brakes are gonna have the muscle to stop this thing.
you have to be human first.
peterson with an o.
we have to hold them off until lucy and susan get back.
what, you think he can track me?
i know youre angry at the man that did this to your mama and daddy.
hey, can i just get a couple of these bullets?
and thats how you scatter the roaches.
that their mother is dying...
yeah, like, the thousandth time is a charm?
sorry about the mess.
so she stopped eating, stopped sleeping. the neighbors started talking, afraid she might do something to herself, i guess.
if both of you give different advices to the kids...
dont create a scene here, dont fight without knowing the truth.
robert, i told you keep out the damn  wait.
somethings wrong with you... really.
it may come to change...
i wanted to save you but you played with me.
for jenny i can do anything.
..and a violent muslim? should i show you? !
but its also what i like the most about you.
go to her, david.
hey, whitney. you sure youre in the right place?
i said, everybody out!
hes the worst kind of bad luck.
and what meant to be.. happened.
everything they know. youd know this if you had any training whatsoever.
go after her.  muntzy, you gotta hang on.
without it you will be growing weaker by the second, use the time for that
i am leaving the road now!
and if jack thinks ive lost it, i cant blame him, really.
youre my dad. youre supposed to protect me.
she is the one the redhead wants.
she probably thinks i went sissy up in here.
fathers and mothers are different, how can they look same?
because of that cursed house so many people got killed.
the island is moving through time?
i killed ethan.
dont you hurt him!
shes that girl!
youre too much, kalpana.
they want to corrupt our minds with british culture.
im tired of asking nice.
it is a birthmark!
got you out of the laundry, though.
i need to talk to sir immediately.  impossible.
a lot of hayfields up there.
wheres our newly minted commander?
she wouldnt have wanted it.
id recommend it.  youre probably right.
you are fired.
i won a brand new flat in an air voice lucky contest.
and he says such interesting things.
can i help you?
whatd she tell you?
you said that you like the girl.
how long will you be gone?
theres a bathroom inside as well.
and the only way youre gonna save their lives is if you man up and get on that boat.
im getting someone else.
b for ball he hasnt changed at all yaar yaar..ignore it,..ignore it!
lnstrumentation is malfunctioning.
very hoitytoity. ive yet to be asked to perform there.
is that what this is about?
you mean steve. scotts dead.
and ive seen most.
they died when i was 3.
thats not thunder.
this is his wife whos this...?
yeah. well, good, because this election is way too important to turn into a joke.
help me do what?
you didnt return my calls.
how do i stop them?
detective, who is it?
and i will sell it at an old book store.
youd better eat fast.
what era are you living in, prithvi?
they wont follow you there.
sir, our public is emotional.
take rs.20 lakhs with tip.
no, i wasnt...
youre not putting me on that freak wall, are you?
its one more thing.
look what has become of you, greg.
now please expose this drama too.
i am calling the police.
thats miles away.
setting up these sets takes so much time.
itll create a panic.
when everything went off in a wing, the cos left the station.
weve got some serious stacks now.
then what is?
we need a doctor!
leave him alone!
he knew about the plane, what was gonna happen...
carl lucas. i want him dead.
firepower equal to highexplosive rounds.
they only want to know if everythings gonna turn out all right.
how could you be so negative?
you know what i think? it dont really matter what i think.
because im about to change the ending of this fairytale.
you go back form here, if they see you again, well be in trouble.
and something took control over it.
nor will i ever fart in front of him.
yo, dmac, whats up?
thats why theyre in last place.
p.i. was never assigned to go there.
anyone on board?
i know what youre trying to do.
neighbours are movin out.
sucre, hold up.
youre just as dried up and parched as a jackrabbit in july.
of course it is, sir, but for animals.
you had no right.
we wont ever leave, rose.
..jasmine is here from america..
later, i drove to his house to confront them. they werent home.
where you from?
you are getting late!
actually, we met at delhi airport.
just coming up to the airport turnoff.
like i found that place. that day.
it wasnt my fault.
im here to find the man who murdered your wife.
so, what can i show you?
you wouldnt know how it works unless you can do it.
they just have a little bit of fun with you.
no, i dont want anyone between us.
which is what youve assured me of before, yet that message keeps getting returned to sender.
yes, that one.
oh, not really.
the armed forces here?
do youve any sense?
i got back in the car and i drove home to sleep it off.
whos been kidnapped?
but i think its the right call for now.
do you know how harmful cigarettes are?
some fatsucking vampire in town?
shes not going anywhere.
shes a nice piece of ass though.
did he get the pendant?
he is right. zakir bhai is right.
whatd you do with my lab?
im sure i miss you.
sometimes our expectations are betrayed by the numbers.
i want you to come back to metropolis where you will hold the position special advisor to the chairman emeritus.
you got 140.
scofield designed the tattoo, not you?
oh, id kill for a latte, but, um...
get an mhsix on site. check for survivors.
thats the problem!
good, youre up.
well, i never thought id hear you say that.
if anything happens to him, well be in trouble.
speak up. you say this is your safety?
this is kalpana.
its my way of saying sorry.
i thought he was your friend.
jarrod, what happened?
the rate this beach is eroding, the fuselage is going to be underwater in days.
its a strawberry cake, right?
small mint tea.
im just gonna have some pancakes.
give me the rope. throw it.
hey, guys, what do you say?
i heard you were looking for me.
all right, enough.
where is my cornfruit?
all right, tell jake to stop showing off.
michael and jin working together all the time, pretty easy for them to get their water bottles mixed up.
i dont think youre weird, lana.
wont happen again.
uh, mrs. delgado....
i got nothing to say.
guru is waiting outside, a body is waiting in cremation ground.
he doesnt exist.
see if you can fly that thing undercover!
so, no, no, no annoying sounds. all right?
yeah, man. looks good.
i would like one of your church relief flights to transport it.
hold on, let me finish this up.
i will show you!
the legendary floating mountains of pandora, heard of them?
i mean, all the signs were there drug use, decline in academic performance but we didnt think hed ever do something like this.
i dont understand. um, whos the
try to understand the truth of soul, mr. ranvir.
were not going back in time.
ill be right back.
if you need anything, make sure you give us a call.
god has given us this opportunity.
they found us, took walt, because you made me fire the flare.
there was something about this guy, though he wasnt the kind of guy crab usually dealt with.
i wont leave you again...
thats where all the fruit is on our side.
he is the youngest chef ever to achieve a fivestar rating.
im leaving now..
are you gonna play next season?
i want his family, friends details and his horoscope.
guys, would i keep you out of the loop?
my success allowed me a certain freedom to pursue my own interests.
i was gonna go right from the airport to the cemetery, but i had no idea what i was gonna say.
and correct me if im wrong...
kids kids kids...
they will... not sting you!
ive missed you, lex.
my shame would not allow me to tell you this before, but i watched your father die.
the girls are back.
is that what you call it?
we told jake that wed stay at the house.
boss, i got the gun for the first time.
or else your wife wouldve been my wife as well.
today ill make you taste defeat.
why has he held her hand?
nothing has happened to your son.
now, these guards like to test you, though.
ill let you know later.
doesnt make any sense.
may i have the rings, please?
you, mam! you look like a big fat hairy beast!
youd think someone that big would have a thicker skin.
warning. molecular reassembly in progress. excessive heat.
im confident that i can find out a whole lot more now that im devoting all my time to the case.
form a posse.
youre sure its type one diabetes youve got?
and you must be andrew,
the sooner we get back to the beach, the better.
when they fell asleep on the night of their first new day they died again.
ill tell you whats going on.
then why do you stay with jack?
well, somebody bloody has to!
okay. okay. no touching.
we still love each other.
middle most farting  .
but that was two months ago.
were all set for keefe.
i wont let you down.
he didnt beat your men, hes not connected with it.
and its 1200.
yeah, were clean.
brother, rasool is coming.
in fact i like it here.
our children are here.
mr. rango, would you step forward?
his love has given me true happiness.
next thing, its oh, i am sorry.
i was hoping you could give me some insight into clark.
did you say something to my boy?
why would she go for the black smoke?
..muslim enemy combatant today?
vaya con dios you sonofabitch!
i could give the whole world just for your smile.
you dont know that.
clark, how did you pull us up?
weve been up there for over 40 days and no ones gotten sick.
this isnt working.
i need to feed aaron.  it should be here, the cabin.
will you throw that away, please?
caucasian male, adult, in his 30s.
i think youll like it a lot.
have you got lots of friends over there?
no, keep it.
jack is on his way to blow up a hydrogen bomb.
youre lucky im holding the flowers.
theres going to be a youth conference in bangkok..
you seem to know a lot about it.
just a minute, ill get the money.
id love to, but she wont let me do anything.
are you watching the photograph and crying again?
i was going to the bathroom. hey, stop!
meet us topside.
i already showed you...
hes wearing a striped hoodie.
because it happened 60 years ago, when he was 17. he served his time.
well be back in 1 0 minutes.
why do you?
we do it because we believe we are meant to.
then he knew the rumors were true that
stay with this nice woman. ill be back in a minute.
then theyre just gonna have to do it themselves.
to celebrate the second anniversary..
its an improvement.
hey reynolds, what did the feds want you for?
the heart believes in it.
this is machine up down up down up?
yeah, i know, but i dont need somebody telling me whats gonna happen or how to live my life.
your freighter, those men came to the island to kill all of us.
theyre not my friends anymore.
that makes all the sense in the world.
go jake sully!
thats the road, thats the load
he says we have a connection.
guess your parents want me to leave now.
what if you had to save the world? what will you do?
how long do you think hes gonna stay loyal then?
look, you twisted son of a bitch.
ana, lets just get to their camp.
ok? and theres medicine there for the baby.
maybe a tad loose in certain areas, but otherwise...
i have a plan, and each and every one of you has a part to play.
oh boy, youre mine.
so, what are you doing down here, john?
drop your weapon, cooper.
aang flew us to his home.
weve been fine for three years.
save your breath.
thats not possible, right?
dr. hardings off today.
we dance in the same company.
so when do i get to meet him?
anu im really sorry.
the guy from st tropez, he had this kid.
how do you do?
no such thing as fate?
tell him who the criminal is.
yet, with the very first strike, you will see the big lie...
he has no notion of how you and i have lived our lives.
we tell the other clans to come.
i think you made his year.
we thrive on negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read.
so, he took me. he took both of us.
what are you drinking?
lieutenant kotler, your father, the professor of literature, where did he go?
no sister, they played with your life,
... thatyouweresoblatantly hitting on.
its clear to me youve got a lot of anger, young man.
question me, you pay the fee.
the truth always hurts
mr. veer, you must know..
you mentioned doctor wells might have had something to do.
will you do us the honor?
then i began to see it as my gift.
and.. and.. she has lied to her brother that..
at times it happens due to shortage of insulin.
where did he go away?
he has said it now.
brother... help me... save me!
aarons not your responsibility.
..and has been jailed for the last 15 days.
i still cant believe youre selling this place, nell.
what, you didnt ask any followup questions?
have we met before?
and what do you do?
i wont let anyone get to you.
to what news my morning light will dawn, to melodies of love like rain?
im just saying itd be nice.
shes a little young for me, jeff.
she wasnt my favorite person, but no one deserves that.
well, youre the only kevin johnson onboard, so somebody knows youre here.
yeah, you know, i thought it would be a good idea, you know, get everyones name and place of residence.
you love someone else.
youre all going back to the island willingly?
so that he could never find it again, to keep him away so that you could lead.
then one day..
i didnt come, vengeance has brought me here.
i dont know yet.
now can we please watch the movie?  im going.
use your imagination!
this is a cluster of pigeons fighting over breadcrumbs,
it had two choices.
wow rukhsar begum you are really great!
the watch i lost my mom gave it to me when she knew it was getting close.
what are you saying?
i dont want people mistaking us for twins.
you want to know where she is?
wanna tell me what was going on down here before i showed up, john?
just one little drink. no harm, no foul, right?
come with me.
i wont spare you.
im not going to need nearly that much time.
i am here to protect you.
i need my army across that river now.
mr. widmore told me richard alpert said that you were going to die.
it starts in our cell.
how much money do you thinks in there?
im taking because you told me.
hes gonna get flushed down the toilet.
i hurt my leg.
im not committing suicide.
..so i that i can leave.
hey, where are the rest of your people?
keep slowing us down,
i changed my mind after the trial.
even so, i think itd be best for everyone if you left the mansion tonight.
well, i love you back.
he doesnt sleep.
chloe, why arent you at home sleeping?
control the water and you control everything.
black smoke that are rising doesnt mean...
go easy on him. hes lost his son fabio. go easy on him.
yeah, i mean, the world bank is the fucking star chamber.
security, can you take her away, please?
bet you wish your daddy never dicked your mama!
we know nothing about him.  but we do know where he works.
you wanna try for it again?
he doesnt exist, except on paper.
ah, weve been walking for three days straight, ana. and youre still here.
..but no one tells me which car the president is in.
he was very much attached to machines used to carry screwdriver in his pocket where ever he goes he would open any machine that he finds.... some got closed
look, i know things must be rough at home... but dont take it out on my curls.
hurry up, guys.
you had no right to go in there.
please madam, on behalf of my boss, i request.
come on, donkey!
could also be 5,000 years.
softly jacob, please, dont do this.
mineral fragments are embedded under his skin.
where are you from?
our times up.
so come home.
the perp got shot on a fire escape, right?
dont get surprized if i become don chari.
sergeant struecker. lets roll.
youre feelin better already.
sir, all escorts are down or falling back.
spence, why didnt your folks take you to new york with your sister?
whyd you do it,kate?
cause your... your death would feel like its happening again?
so she can change appearance at will?
but he has a nice job.
there is sin and evil in the world, and were enjoined by scripture and the lord jesus to oppose it with all our might.
i wasnt being entirely truthful.  yeah.
he doesnt know anything.
an innocent, mindless little baby.
stop....where are u going?
i dont know, man, theyre kind of forever.
one minute youre quoting nietzsche, now youre an engineer.
eta, six minutes and counting down.
he has a wonderful collection of renaissance bronzes.
i can keep a secret.
youre looking a little...  its nothing.
we had everything in place, you say you missed?
we gotta do something.
help. help me!
youre going to be exonerated.
did you kill my father?
what did you say?
a small disturbance, tell me.
bring it on, bitch.
truth be told
because how he acts will tell us if fischer is starting to suspect his motives the way we want him to.
it was camembert!
can i call you bhaiyya?
which does not sound delicious.
bet you cant hit that sign with a rock.
we need to find something to cover this hole asap.
all this will be gone?
either you are stuck in the marry me, marry me loop..
well, why havent you told anyone?
their leader is some sodding old man.
great job with the kitchen.
devika, its your turn now.
daytime is more dangerous than night.
well, you must be new.
is not up to you.
whats this boss?
what the hell just happened?
here we go.
well, dont you worry.
now, i know youre not thinking about joining those idiots.
she found the lamp..
if you dont believe me, ask sayid. he said were not alone.
im sure you were quite the heartbreaker.
you dont care what anybody thinks.
check under your seat!
who is this?  im nemo.
yes, she called us at the church.
..and not the wedding ring.
the hatchits back.
i guarantee you thats not what i said.
where are you going? im going to p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney.
i dont smoke.
what happened to you?
i said hello.
if you wont comply, then im going to have to come back with the sheriff.
but just so you know, no way in hell youre getting my spot on that raft.
i need you to take care of an old friend.
she doesnt know anything.
guess im just...
im offering my role as an investor.
its allowed in christians.
i am making ratatouille.
i thought youd be more excited. whats wrong?
i dont know what you are talking about.
as the day wore on, david thought it was the happiest day of his life.
and what makes you think you deserve to take whats mine?
everything is cool, we had a talk and they believe we were on the plane, too.
i killed four people! three people...
whats the matter?
if your son marries her, hell get a wife with a free son.
what are you doing here?
youre a police officer, ana.
why are you out here?
beera feared her
tear it out, throw it away. do it.
thank you for helping him.
bring me pinocchio! he is hanging on a nail.
unconstructed dream space.
how can we go there nandini?
yea, though i walk through the shadow of the valley of death,
make the call.
boiled eggs and fish.
but that would be a waste of the battery, which might not last for long.
l told you i need help.
most of us jump from lower down.
bank take the house.
the fringe team answers to him.
youve actually got a woman in your life?
theyll see the flames for miles.
i just wanted to tell you that
pia..pia,why isnt it cryin?
it was machiraju.
go, go, go.
also got a big shipment in that week.
that way, i think!
oh, yeah. sure, im fine.
get someone else to run your scams.
you are terrible at this,freckles.
that will dry right off.
only the strong survive.
do whatever you want.
ill get him.
its two weeks, judging from the rate of decomposition.
it seems silly.
what made you come back.
you woke him?
you dont know what youre blabbering.
what is this place?
well always be here for you..
i was being polite.
no, no, its legally insufficient.
l think im feeling kind of fluey.
yes madam, we missed the train.
the vice president is reported to have the largest campaign war chest in history.
you know im grateful, dont you?
so when did leah join the pack?
let me see those hands, right now.
its almost as though they werent even there.
he shouldnt know!
im not sure that hes a threat.
did he ever find a way to make it stop?
i dont blame him. i dont see myself being a farmer when i grow up.
those were your fathers.
i found him, hatch.
today is my wedding.
there goes college soccer.
i think hes just back there.
now this bad stuff is happening because...
so im your prisoner?
wheres sun and sayid?
i lifted some hairs from her car and matched them with your dna.
theres no harm in it.
all they wanted was claire.
i love jenny.
what are you, her big brother? no.
they threatened my job if i didnt talk, and... no, no, no, no.
i cant figure out why anybody would want to steal body fat.
grab that bag.
look, take it. miss littleton, i am begging you just to consider...
why would that yashvardhans son be interested in me?
just look up the number and ill leave a message.
i guess im not the only one with a vision problem.
im not sure.  sighs
you call it.
is that really how i look?
youre suffocating everyone with the smoke do you want..
im the one who invented the code.
a train thatll take you far away.
were gonna stop roll back and cut those empties!
know about what? !
you think because of that, shes controlling them?
my name is david.
without a heart you cant love.
where is my prada?
customers are asking what is new.
so what happened out there in the jungle?
shit is bleak out there.
i said it wasnt the flare.
stop it, okay?
i am out of here aman!
hi buddy, how are you?
get to oswego.
they do, this ones been given a serum to stop regression so it can be studied
thats okay, why did you beat him?
run, definitely run!
you mean anne?
jasmine is in the library..
hes gone for a walk, papa.
thethe sky lit up, aand then this.
i am sorry...
you dont know my mother,jack.
once again anyone who is scheduled on the flight to atlanta, if you wanna get out of dallas tonight, come to the front of the line at this time.
you know, the amount of time youve spent on the island.
doctor, what was wrong with me?
how bad? my legs broken and my back feels kind of weird.
and i cant even imagine how scary that must be for you.
i mean... what a darling little sister.
i saw him yesterday. in the jungle.
excuse me, where are you going?
this is jasmines house.
i guess it wasnt to your liking.
i dont think its a good idea, eko.
i gotta go talk to him.
what are you doing?
run around looking like a goth?
i may be able to use the transceiver to triangulate the signal, find out where its coming from.
yours sucks, dude.
tell us what happened to them.
i thought he was a good judge of character.
i could tell by looking at you from across the yard.
may be theyll take you also away from me.
youre gonna have to pay for that.
pushed pencils. drank coffee all day long behind a desk.
his body went into shock with the loss of fat. he hasnt told the police anything.
i know the feeling.
i thought you enjoyed fishing.
i guess theyre the closest thing to royalty my world has.
we just saved that womans life.
do you know hindi too, sister?
youve reached stephanie and randy, leave us a message.
cooper what are you talking about?
hes back, too?
well, i mean, we dated in high school and all through college, but we were kids.
all right, ill talk to the boys and ill get back at you tomorrow.
story of my life.
but look, theres some stuff that i can do.
well, all this time on the island, youve told me nothing about yourself.
big boss, weve kept the money.
youre bringing walt too?
i plan on making a name for myself as a hardhitting journalist and youre a very visible target.
what directions safe.
dear little friend.
ready to rock, man.
even when you become an old woman you will still be my princess...
..the lamp against misuse.
munna is getting the luggage.
piranha gun! oh, yes!
no, not a coincidence. i dont want this!
its aslan over there!
my guess is, itd do just about anything to get free.
what are you doing outside?
this is your fathers company.
the least you can do is avenge em.
you dont know about my brother.
you can get that at medical then.
and you have all that here, and you have gertrude, and im...
im telling you.
theyre like corn dogs, only smaller.
remember? i cant control it.
i dont know. i guess the secrets gonna stay with him.
the whole glasshalffull thing.
doesnt exactly inspire confidence.
i dont know what to say.
i have a list, of names.
shes not dead.
its too fast, its too rushed.
youll understand the entire game.
well get a stretcher in here.
this time, no sparing you.
all right, all of you, get up.
so, what did you think of the captain?
ill bring his mother.
i have my own reasons to see this through.
trying to find food.
how far your job has come?
but i like the way they zapped the bpt to the d5 station.
didnt your parents take you on a riverboat ride?
how can we take action if you remain silent?
who should we go to?
she died of a brain aneurysm.
we should have told the police the truth about jennas accident
good evening, dr. harford.
yes, he does.
it was made from the armor of st. george patron saint of boy scouts.
turns out frank duckett used to be named frank sawyer, a name i believe you appropriated for yourself.
the more i fought, the more powerful he became.
ugh. lets get some light in here.
okay,me and montezumas house.
thats dj lance rock.
thank you so much for this evening.
i mean, with the two of you fighting all the time.
the stranger who tried to veer ibrahim from his path..
looks like theres no record of a fox river medical practice on our list of participating hmos or ppos.
she decided to stay.
you didnt let her stay up all night watching tv?
give the phone back. i want to impress her.
he was in the smart class.
you have two minutes to design a maze that it takes one minute to solve.
search for meteor samples. i find it easier to spot them with flashlights.
it was more like the bolshois.
he was killed in the line of duty.
shotgun cocks   this might sting a little at first.
where are you?
ive heard those parentteacher meetings can be really boring.
a lot of love went into him.
hell talk to you.
dino the dago.
its almost too big to comprehend.
i dont know. there was a problem.
its not up to me to leave.
my friends were really like my family.
theyre gonna start lookin for us soon.
no. no, i think ill stay home.
cant you look after him like own mother?
you can have a real life.
just a second!
my love is an iron ball
a little medicine for your baby.
l dont care what you think!
just what i thought.
you didnt turn up at airport or here also.
whitney phoned. he wanted to get together later and talk.
if you dont fill it out, all theyre gonna give you is whats on chow for that day.
woman doesnt weigh 100 pounds.
what do you mean if it offended me?
after mal became pregnant, that became our home.
i think this woman has the answers.
i interviewed everyone, here, at the beach.
its no worse than when ozzy snorted that row of fire ants down in queensland.
great plan, moonbeam. then we can sing kumbaya and do trust falls.
you and devika went on your honeymoon, isnt it?
but there are no guarantees.
is that benjamin linus?
and howd that work out for everyone?
he cannot be set free
you told sun
but it makes me happy.
well, you gotta try harder.
i conjured him out of thin air.
if youre having second thoughts...
but what about my friend?
for swan lake?
where exactly does one come across 324 dead bodies?
prospecting without the authorized equipment. dont move a muscle.
whats all this?
in the precise order they were meant to die in the accident.
what do you mean? is des gonna be okay?
well done yaar..well done well done everything is fixed..ur sisters marriage is fixed farhan will marry..ok done!
i thought we were just gonna go hide. why do we need to take prisoners?
cook, i.. a.. cook.
calculator is a machine sir sir actually we are dependent in the world for machine sir from pen nib to pants zib... all machines sir!
i improvised.  what happened in there?
she arrested me at first sight,
ill get another box.
you leave her out of this.
this man walking on fire is aarush.
why are you being so nice?
it makes me start to think, you know.
let him fall and plunge screaming to his death
shutup pia you decided that hell be an engineer..... did you ever ask him, what he wanted to be?
drug runners in disguise.
you mean, do i think im hallucinating?
your father invited us to stay over.
they wont understand its about the men next to you.
what are you girls doing back there?
where the hell are all the fruits?
weve got some kind of rf interference with the fathometer.
theyre having tryouts this afternoon.
damn it! what the hell?
mom! what are you doing here?
give it to the guy whos not even in the game!
sir, im a vegetarian.
hes not as perfect as you think.
shes very angry with you.
if you wish to meet the chef, you will have to wait until all the other customer have gone.
lets go. down you go.
oh, you butt out, beez
so youre actually...
he covered the tuft with a cap.
their photo has appeared in the newspaper today...
no sense in him not trusting both of us.
thats who im thinking about...
i told him hes being unreasonable.
thats blasphemy. you know we are catholic.
you shoot someone, supposedly for revenge, do you take the time to go back in and hit the glove box or you just get the hell out of there?
you know how difficult it is to shave in the dark.
i mustve confused it with the 900 trillion i am worth myself!
when you start getting older, theres all this ridiculous pressure.
and maybe one day shell want to listen.
as you know, were not the only ones who left the island.
it was between who i should be and who i am.
eheh ehe hey sorry dude dont take it personally, ill take it personally, chathur ramalingam is not gonna forget this insult, ill think of it every minute, every sec of my life dude leave it, acttually we were giving demo for raju... that dont cram things n study.
nothing. they never found him.
what are you doing?
and i shall win this race... for love.
come let me serve you some cornflakes.
its the generosity of the british..
that means he found them, right?
were under imminent threat.
thats a beautiful dress, lana!
i have to go the toilet.  alright.
yes, hes fine. charlie, hes...
were leaving first thing tomorrow.
and, uh... been doing that ever since.
im dr jay nemman, county medical examiner.
i have to meet him before that.
thats why we went all the way out to the black rock
and what would you think if i jacked your cab in a hospital gown with a gun, screaming a conspiracy, telling you im being chased by the government and folks are trying to make me believe
now, what can i do you for?
honey, i think that maybe we need to talk to somebody.
who was in here?
theyre only taking one this year, man 2
by two oclock, it was why not?
why do i want to get down there so badly?
the men have been asking after you.
once when i dropped a pass, he drove me home, punched me in the gut...
you may be out butyouneverlose theattitude.
that means tonight were going to the.. girls hostel.
walter, peter is dead.
its gonna be night soon.
why did you do it?
well, im really not into the whole cougar thing.
ill be up.
how do you know hes still there?
someones working on it as we speak.
now, try to lift that.
whatve you decided, chief?
not big on crowds.
now anybody gets curious, fbi, irs whatever.
was there only one man when you gave the cash?
i thought youd gone home.
dont you hear?
ive got to try.
mmhmm. whats with all the water?
you didnt kill them jenkins brothers. you aint even from the west!
i found him in the fruit section.
listen, we hate to be rude, but were french, and its dinnertime.
he saw them going into the jungle.
i dont think you got dirty enough today, ramona.
well, as long as you dont get any worse, i guess we can count our blessings.
i get paid in advance.
tell every person in america.
i went to sleep at 4 am and i got your phone call at 6 am.
keeps to himself. quiet.
okay, alright, excellent.
yeah, we should do this more often.
i mean, encom os12?
right there and another one.
you dont get to die alone.
hes been in there cooking all day.
clark didnt just push braindead, he put him through a door as in splinters and broken hinges.
three filet working.
i just had a frank conversation with him about his future. oh...
and then you wait till your opponent lands here on the old cheese wheel.
why dont you help me?
stiltskin is leading tonights ogre hunt himself.
nothing illegal but its not something i want in the public domain.
you draw up that map, henry.
that is what is important.  yes.
hey! relax.  what?
lm scared. im frightened.
but its true.
maybe you could write a piece on the place?
they want you to be their avatar, aang.
doing my job!
nice is not hansens strong suit. martin
lf your hunger is so great go elsewhere for chocolate
hes not coming, guys.
we let you leave one island, you just go to another one.
what is it about this case that the secret service is so interested in?
what if we serve them what they order!
ladies, this is the guy that made all of this possible!
you dont know?
dont worry. even after im rich,
problem solved. how soon do we turn him over? we cant turn him over.
you know what? forget it.
no. i know your son.
you wanna wait?
do you have plans this weekend?
well, i cant go anywhere, all right?
those are massive encrypted files.
cooper, im mary.
ltll take around two hours.
get out. torch the limo, baby!
keamy wants you in the armory.
clark, calm down.
theres thousands of gallons of fuel onboard, which is highly flammable.
you saw my two moles, fee for it.
the dress, the reception, the guest list.
yes, ive seen it in that house.
it runs in my family.
chanchad director told me that he din call me, he dint call you, i told that he remembered you!
this is not your house and you are not the boss here.
prem kidnapped her that day to save her from terror tej singh.
so once we get hurley... then what?
relax, im joking.
ah, iaquila saffron.
they want me out and i dont blame them. just the way theyre going about it...
how nice it must be to not be involved in the insanity that surrounds us at every turn.
i wont let you live with the burden..
its a virus thats common in children his age,
she must pass through the eye of eywa, and return.
you came here for the same reason i did, kiddo.
but.. what should i?
i dont want to talk about it now, colonel!
the volturi dont give second chances.
ive always appreciated that fact.
how do you know that?
hey stu...we made it! were gonna live!
no one here told kwan that i supplied you with that test?
you are not able to recognise her because...
but if you wanna talk to him, talk to him.
catch him.. catch him.
... justa dream.
this was in the planes toolbox. theres only one flare. choose wisely when you use it.
and i can negotiate the terms of their relocation.
you need to know, once and for all, who i really am.
does anyone else have a key to this place?
oh, no, its fine.
just because you spend time with someone doesnt mean you know their darkest secrets.
what i want, thats important.
whatever it is, we better stay clear of it.
shut up. what are you doing?
look right now i dont have much time.
i dont have the money, don.
he hasnt been decontaminated.
all right. michael, come closer.
you are the last hope left
so, i wont ever see you again?
you said two complications.
whats going on?
the sisters never laid a finger on andy again.
pull that rudder!
which, as they kiss, consume.
because this contains laughing gas.
means tat u know where is rancho? aah?
chuckles  damn, nate. i knew you were a hick.
nemos gone, and im going home now.
i got the papers.
bye, sweet boy.
you killed naomi!
there are so many people who survive cancer these days...
this is for your mom.
ifyou ever need anything... want anything...
suddenly i get an overwhelming urge to skip town.
i see you!
elaine, you pick the last one.
yeah, thats what im telling you.
i ever tell you i was a cop?
what could possibly qualify you to make that kind of prediction?
you know you two numbnuts are always screwing up.
i seriously doubt that.
these people that are coming they know who i am, alex.
youre among friends.
last time i saw him, we had a fight.
well, i was never really clear on that.
you know they were talking about the transfer?
he gets very uncomfortable with this thing. just...
i had no choice.
how did you know where to find me?
machiraju has sent don seenu to germany to trap your sister in love.
go over some basic stuff.  thats great. hey bunny?
im really sorry.
they make your brain numb, theyre that boring.
aarush, are you okay?
his life is filled with tragedy.
at first, all my work here was trivial but a new assignment came up and....
you cant choose between your kids!
what are you gonna do?  gun cocks
is this fiction?
look, im gonna make this real easy for you.
his doctor is dr. harding.
i began to believe that two of victims were part of a satanic cult.
hey. maybe its not terrifical.
im now going to my grandmas place in bombay.
one mans dream.
not even yourself. your daughter.
bhavani, just tell her take it when i give.
you got it.
yeah, its kicking my ass.
our krish has learnt everything.
i didnt expect you to believe me.
what kept you going?
l need to sit down.
hold your fire to the east.
i was a little nervous.
whatever puts food on your table.
yeah, thanks for grabbing me. that was a stupid move on my part.
maybe you ran. i always knew youd leave here someday.
they need someone they can trust to say,
christ, john, please do what he says.
this is the black smoke?
narsing has slight upper hand over machiraju in the city.
i have some appointments at the office.
why do the farmers wear pyjamas?
i know exactly where we are.
what do you want me to do?
the press is a tool.
just for you guys...
im not here to get my life back.
i know, i put you through hell.
its just over the hill right there.
i found that bitch.
i did what now?
you dont understand, man.
now off to bed with you.
wheres my daughter?
i was making a garbage delivery, i didnt want to tarnish the marble.
i have not yet received...
such a coward. cant even answer a simple question.
carey, what do you see?
if there was any way, any way at all that we could make this work, wed be doing it.
theres no difference.
slowly theyll become friends...
give it to me.
and the bass is flat.
no one else has to die.
deliberately trying to make me think its important.
but hes in charge of a horrible place.
its kind of perfect.
and everything you ever loved destroyed.
what about you?
i just follow the trail of bad sculptures.
why would you keep me in the dark?
dont even think about it.
do something! hes gonna kill him!
turn around slowly.
please, dont hug me.
i treat a lot of hindu patients in st. benedicts hospital.
stop the car l say.
exactly, priya arora.
is this the place they make you real?
that i will come to madhavgarh.
after club house function day after..
well be back as soon as we can. i promise.
ellie...get up! if you play dead...youll be dead!
but you dont know who i am.
youve opened the box!
the recipe doesnt call for white truffle oil!
stop! stop where you are!
no one on the island.
someone will have to take this step.
shell make you feel like the greatest while you get her what she needs, and once she gets what she wants, shell move on.
coach says he needs to see us on the field right now.
youre not the one he blames.
thats not our call.
might be going away for a while.
until this is resolved im going to turn operations over to bob spaulding.
i didnt know whether i was afraid that he had left...
she doesnt even know that aaron exists.
just give us a shout when youre done.
looks just like you wh she smiles.
and if theyre smart, the telmarines will just wait and starve us out.
doctor okay, this may be a little uncomfortable. groans
good afternoon, doc.
are you saying something?
is the baby... mine?
galentine, kurth, with me!
maybe thats why he robbed the bank.
if you ever have the misfortune of running into him, whatever he tells you, just do the opposite.
mummys gotta go now, sweetheart, ok?
what the fuck did you do with it?
and if i dont find, ill get four.
what if their dreams come crashing down around them?
i too like her.
whatre you doing in my stuff, son?
youre the one who hit justin.
your phone arrived.
i didnt see it.
time of death, 805 pm.
blame your grandmother.
come on. you wanna help me fold?
they didnt take you.
their weapons indicate they are not consulate guards.
and what happens next?
he was a luthorcorp employee.
there are no better cusswords than indian ones.
it seems to be, except were not picking up a signal.
thats wonderful! from whom?
my hotel wouldve got publicity.
why would you help me?
i think if i werent around, shed tell people that death race was her idea and shed convince them that it was.
no, im okay.
now, you tell the guards to shoot to kill.
of course,we know about you and everybody else on the 815 manifest.
i really wanted to.
you know how to read, you ignorant fuck?
you think id be this panicked if it was something simple?
it is nothing to be ashamed of.
keep telling him to take it easy.
my feet never touched the ground
the other side of what?
whats he doing?
it might be the nuttiness.
i can tell the difference.
why cant we have breakfast every day?
id like that.
i promise you, its not smart.
im not in pain. it doesnt matter.
you have a nice way about you.
sink this, you get to wear the blazer.
i dont know. they wouldnt tell me who their client is.
come, lets go.
after you ran into the french woman, you said you heard something in the jungle.
ill light it. you take cover.
id ask you how the hell did you know something like that.
hold your horses. be right there.
it cant be. its empty.
get back here!
how can you get angry?
you remember the name charles widmore, dont you?
he has lost his shirt.
thank you, nate... for coming back for me.
jake, what are you doing?
honey, youre a doll.
well talk tomorrow.
no, seriously. the pesto will get up your nose.
looks like you guys have a friend on this boat.
but happy. its a party, shrek.
since my last report had some holes in it
i dont know it all but its about a crow with roquefort cheese in its beak.
that thing strung up at the camp might know.
is there a disturbance?
the best food in france is made in paris.
you gentlemen staying for dinner?
where? im sorry, i didnt hear you.
i think id be doing the same thing im doing here.
sir sir sir..here sir
im not what you think i am.
you are ready to redeem him?
four days later in delhi?
but here i am.
then how did this man get inside? i think
like who was really behind that hit that night.
theyre on the roof! on the roof!
so your dad... is he around... you know, when we came from?
you cant enter chandni chowk.
so, what do we got?
if its not real, then why are you here?
it was just business.
you know me.
her friends wearing a dharma jumpsuit.
you were in an officerinvolved shooting.
look, i swear, ever since phelan, ive been so careful.
i know yall just showed up.
those are the lessons i grew up with.
okay, glad to see youre not reaching for reasons to hate her.
could i borrow it?
let me go
you found everyone else! all of them.
where did it go?
why should i listen to you?
think thats why hes here?
nothing is certain in this life.
its too hard to stop if we go there. oh, come on, sean.
and i think, we could be friends.
locke said you fell from a cliff.
well, all due respect, ana lucia, but i dont care what you think.
clark, you know you cant donate.  i know, dad.
he was kissing me...
think its the fedcal guys?
everythings exactly the way i left it.
im sure there are very good reasons why his existence and whereabouts are secret.
uhh! let me go!
aang, can you hear me?
we know rickman was your partner.  it was a million years ago.
what are you all standing around for?
why do you think so anjali?
you have bob, your own family
im sorry, jack, but i agree.
boys, stop it! stop it!
cynthia, its lisa.
you know, your gammy wanted me to you know, chant.
you have a love life?
i dont know if were dealing with some high level of genius here with security but securitys saying they got hit by cops.
its this little nervous habit that he has.
i stayed because i had to find something out.
close the club! and get lost!
okay, thanks. first things first.
take over the farm from dad.
no no no no no, these are... slimy, little, bluish black things.
im gonna have to ask that you open the door.
yeah, ill tell him.
you seem less unruly than the others.
and after everything, he was just full of it.
why did you only save me?
ok, we will stay home and well watch tv.
but after all this, pick up the phone.
of course, i was going forward.
groom appears little over aged.
but shes in love with me, too.
no, not like a medic. medic is the army.
your wife.. is your wife and my sister.
no, of course you can.
shes a graduate and you failed in ninth grade.
what the hell is this?
im going to lose it if we do this anymore.
a boat? hey, ive seen a boat.
come on, get these people out of here.
i just need... maybe give me, like,
were gonna go look at some landmarks.
its the only building sitting on top of those tunnels.
thanks. i couldve warned you, though.
you ok with that?
i cant even imagine what it would be like... to be the last one of your species!
start seeing you as her competition?
face the wall.
itll destroy them.
sir, the only rig that we have thats in the direct path of the storm is the charlie rig.
can i help? its an island. theres no choppers.
feel her strong legs.
... nickwhateverthefuckhisnamewas, at my party.
i mean, obviously you have a plan, so lets hear it.
i wasnt referring to sensuality simulators.
kate, you cant take it...
he is breathing. kind of.
electricity gives it away.
i know, lana but one screen cant compete with a multiplex.
mom l missed you.
no, no, no, its fine, its fine.
go get some help!
dont you dare.
watch out, watch out.
everyone around here actually thinks theyre safe.
we could get a board together.
the best restaurant get first pick.
youre not coming.
if youre not hungry, give me company.
youre a primitive, mr. lon...
do something and handle the situation.
what do you think?
well, so far you havent given me a reason to see anything else.
and i think its really cool...
and why in gods name would i want to do that?
just mix this up.
one of these days, im not going to have a sharpie in my bag.
you will kindly remove your mask.
its true that im here to look for lmmy.
many of the kings took part in the freedom struggle.
so you have forgiven me?
tell them theres a robbery in progress.
..many americans have rushed to wilhemina..
shes at home.
im sorry.i didnt  no,dont worry about it.
what can i do you for, deep dish?
just sign it and all your problems will disappear.
we tried to stay out of sight, but sokka became concerned we were being followed.
you need me to write it down?
nope. lts done.
a day you had the flu?
so what ifthe evil wishes harm...
which jobs did i get done two years ago?
but were not just an empire.
..and i, your peace and sleep.
you think he can repair all this?
every student needs to complete 30 hours of community service.
so, have you forgiven my brother?
you are one of us now, oui?
then come back with the sheriff.
thats really wonderful.
what are you talking about? what friends?
try more soap.
loyal to the end, bradley maintains his belief that flynn is not missing and is instead pursuing his dream of
yes, sarah let me call you back, okay.
helena, are you ready for bed?
dont distract me.
is that cute or what?
i thought your trip was cancelled.
tell buddy its a promise.
give it back!
its suicide, lex.
remember that public works map we found at the russian safe house?
what a girl, pal!
sun was with another man.
i think you know where i stand, sire.
and toss this in the trash on your way.
theres no escape.
this is a business deal.
what, are you going nicholson on us?
tommy took to it pretty well too.
were heading to a rip track just past milepost 50.
look, its not sure.
oh, great. what now?
watch out for skinnies. theyre on the rooftops.
here we go ladies... a little champagne...  thanks ... the finest your gas station has to offer
stay out of this!
all this is because of the lousy muslims.
alan treats a number of such deranged cases at broadmoor.
took a wrong turn a few months back, i guess.
you said the treatment is going fine...
mrs. khan. im detective garcia.
professor, is it possible that a comet can reappear..
it seemed real.
but... but suddenly some cast an evil eye on my happiness.
okay, if youre a reporter...
the view is incredible.
well be landing in los angeles in about 20 minutes.
am i in a bunk bed?
but the rest of his dream would bore you to tears.
couple hours later, went to look for it. it was gone.
always nice talking to you, jacob.
theres plenty to go around.
have security take his breakfront out of his office and put it in my conference room.
that should give you enough time to throw the switch get it off the mainline and onto that siding.
like your mother.
why do you give trouble to such girls?
he touched the butt.
piano music playing
..makes sense if you marry a girl from here.
maybe for protection from evil eyes!
youve been assigned to the shed.
im not married, man.
you missed the lunch rush.
you do what you have to, to survive.
this aint the frat house, man.
then tell me what happened.
now the hostiles believe that this mountain stronghold of theirs is protected by their deity.
past the hanging tree, double or nothing.
dont lie to me!
come on, come on.
hes gone to get a taxi....we called for an ambulance two hours ago..
what did you do to her, then?
look, cisco, i cant talk about this right now, okay?
doctor, my husband is not dead.
look, mom, i made a prototype of the rocket out of macaroni!
you saw what happened to emily.
is that why you killed all these people, too?
corpse is in advanced stages of decay and desiccation.
... ithinkit wouldbeonly fair toyou to let you know...
can my girl use your binoculars?
youre asking me why?
miss austen told me.
okay, this isnt an official question and i dont want you guys to take it the wrong way but has your son always been this strange?
you found a fairy tale, and inspired by love, fueled by desire you set out to make her real.
i felt... i felt...
l have to call the hotel.  come on. come on.
is that all youve got?
get out of there. im going to strangle your huevos!
you guys, a few other people, maybe lana.
every attitude is graceful.
but krishna is sandys brother.
what happened here was not a miracle.
oh, i... impossible.
i think you can let go of that now.
where do you suppose all this powers coming from?
im so sorry, shan.
time you get back, well be in the water. guess this is pretty much goodbye then.
mom loves me more than she loves you.
when i get back to company base, im goanna talk to ken fleming and im getting off this rig.
you made it.
the one who should leave is the baby!
cause i aint got a choice.
what do you think these things really are?
im eddies godfather.
keep your eyes closed.
let me talk to him.
need i remind you what they did the last time you thought with your heart instead of your gun?
honey, please come talk to me.
thats enough now.
you didnt know.
youre skimming money from your dad to fund a project in smallville.
weve been tracking the situation in seattle for a while.
you cant possibly be serious.
and youre freezing...!
well, will she be in there?
its like trying to remember a dream after youve woken up.
hey, whered you learn that?
you feeling guilty?
hes the real deal, rose.
yeah, its me.
i know youd rather see a rope around my neck!
want me to put you in the room?
he changed the rules.
be my witness and i wont remove u from the college
ill see him.
how many times you gonna watch that thing?
i appreciate that but i can tell you didnt come all the way over here just to say youre sorry.
we can get ellie.
i like it here.
dont encourage him.
you got the power.
listen he dies on pia and fears to tell aaaaaaaahehheee go go..get lost its easy to give free advise dude but difficult to follow it if u dare..then go n tell pia..tel hey from where n all u guys r connecting things..
dead girls walking.
do you remember when you cut some of mommys hair?
you trust me, dont you?
theres a bullet in there.
it was the most exhilarating two minutes of my life.
what did you do?
hes not answering his cell.
i didnt come in until well into the procedure.
a stranger so familiar
yeah, they got great muscle tone.
well, im not leaving!
before i kill you,
its the middle of the night, katie.
these are the results.
i hate to bust up the im an other, youre an other reunion, but faraday, the guy thats actually gonna save us, is being death marched into the jungle right now.
you must have a very high opinion of mike traceur
there is no happy life. not for this child, not without you.
alu, happy birthday.
whats this new confusion?
we thought he caught the dacoit with his bravery.
im trying to make this sound authenticious.
says who?  that doesnt matter.
over the past years, your equilibrium has become a cornerstone of modern economics.
how are you holding up?
who needs you?
come, mr. agrawal. welcome.
he has planed to spoil your marriage tomorrow.
where is rahul?
he was going to kill my son.
he too loves you really.
no relaxation in my life.
thats all right. the band sucked tonight anyway.
the first one isnt negotiable, its just to illustrate how serious i am.
youll see soon enough.
want any burden.
thats the one.
why would he lie?
i will not testify. never.
you sure mike went this way?
just looking for outfit ideas.
maybe its the triangle.
let me explain to you the process thats about to unfold.
i know. smells like kangaroo pouch.
will the girl understand our ethics and principles?
the pindaris have only one motive.
stay out of here!
but thank god its not.
my sons soccer shoes.
you expect us not to defend ourselves?  i dont know anything about that.
if i complete my case theres a chance youll be granted sanctuary
cause i told him i wasnt gonna take your money.
its the truth. read the police reports!
charlie and my dad are over at his place with his family.
what you got there?
because i totally dont need that from you.
do you know what will happen if i put it into your eyes?
its the only building on top of those tunnels.
oh. youre in a suit.
ill say what i gotta say, and then you can do whatever the hell you want to.
you got a little closer because it was wiggling.
oh, please. you think i dont see the way your parents look at me the way half the town looks at me?
this is 15.
thats it. you got me.
you and pete used to hang out with him in grade school.
to find john locke.
i havent seen him today. yeah?
classy, bea. very classy.
youre never gonna stand outside those walls again.
you should probably button that.
im gonna find out, you know, what it is youre doing up there.
i guess i should have mentioned the may not be suitable for all ages disclaimer.
im not thinking in the favour of the british.
getting himself killed.
the eyes look in a different direction..
however did you do it?
all he needed was a suit and tie and a jiggly hula gal on his desk hed have been mr. dufresne, if you please.
if i wanted to, i could kill you right now, genius.
this is not fair.
its very close, jenny.
the spy was sent to gauge our strength
its too late, whitney.
and shine my shoes.
apparently fibonaccis coming up for air again.
he wont even remember it, as if nothing ever happened.
ray soames was the third victim.
covered with germs! aah!
athletes, lettered in football, baseball, basketball. they ruled the school.  what happened?
for everything i know about hunting and tracking, whoever he is, he knows more.
just make sure your fucking taco jockeys dont fuck it up.
shes heading towards the parking garage.
do burrows eat their young?
man, thats gotta hurt.
we gotta get every ounce of extra weight off this chopper now!
..whether destiny wants to bring us together or not?
i am her true love.
i want to express my true feelings.
here you go. still hot.
guys always that girls were stocked up if they wont talk to them.
im looking for someone, guy named lincoln burrows.
tommy, get back in the house.
royal cayman bank trust.
john, if we talk any longer, im gonna have to charge you for another hour.
i dont think youre being completely honest, and i think i know why.
yall are gonna be the second batch of recruits comin in off the sub pulling into port right about now, so we aint got much time.
well, youre funny looking, too.
i didnt come here in a sari to sign agreement or to impress you,
all right, fellas, were good.
you worry about how youre gonna drill through a sixinch concrete wall with what used to be an eggbeater.
my aunt does that with her cat.
where are they heading?
outrage in egypt tonight as it was discovered that the great pyramid of giza had been stolen and replaced by a giant inflatable replica.
we only got a couple of cameras operational in that area, so its not gonna be easy.
then do what you need to do to make this go away.
great girl, though.
that man cant be asleep. hes got to be dead.
we stay here... we keep watch and we pray that someone comes.
and fourth time say this chant may the intention of giver return to him!
23 out of 25 named my men. id let it pass.
the bastards not that smart.
kate. no. you dont have to...
i met him once.
after a night of watching and waiting, say good morning to hurricane isabel.
where are they, james?
sorry sir... sorry.
hopes. not expectations.
it seems real because it is real!
i guess were all in the same boat. you both stood your ground and are doing what you want.
hell, its only first base.
my phone is here.
man... its great to see your face.
what happened to hanging with us today?
perhaps this wasnt the best way to come after all.
im not saying you should stay for jin.
well, the family with the screaming baby moved.
thats the way its gonna be, jack.
jenny loves rahul.
no one knows their blood type. i dont know my blood type.
i told you they were coming!
and for honeymoon ill take you around the world.
well, lets hope not.
yes. yes, everythings fine.
we suffer for their mistakes because when the end comes all that will be left is us!
dont make me any more scared.
what happened to em?
i didnt get him involved, roger. you did.
you had a chance.
im the only thing you do believe in anymore.
no, his ashes.
you have still not seen my courage.
i got their names. one of them... one of them is...
but the bitter truth we critics must face is that in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful than our criticism designating it so.
you take care of yourself, you hear?
what matters is that we get you and aaron someplace safe.
if you wont talk to him, then jonathan will!
now, that was a stupid thing to do, now, wasnt it? huh?
operation secure freedom is one of your many files
that old thing?
this way you keep the drinking water separate.
youre making a mistake.
it looks like there might have been a struggle.
where did you go?
i will stand and fight.
come take me!
the blood, the video, the gun.
shut up, shut up, shut up!
it didnt work.
you might wanna check his shoes.
its time for dinner.
what is that, crayon?
yeah. a better one.
not a sound all night.
whatever happens, dont say anything.
sir, please tell us what anushka talked to you about on 20th december at 7.09 am.
i would like you to stay.
give it to me.
maybe you met her on the plane... before it took off? sorry.
she talked to that guy...
nowhere my child...
the operation must be very expensive.
he tried to kill me today.
um, this was a mistake. i... i shouldnt have come.
hey! what are you doing here?
just a minute. just a minute.
now, we are a long way away from a grand jury here.
maybe because hes the one guy in here i can actually get to... one guy i can... make a difference with.
i found the perfect place for the plant. its out of the way, its near the river.
take your lunch, phil.
what are we doing?
i said im just the doctor.
hijacked a bread truck up to new hampshire one of the guards saw his face so they executed both of them with their own weapons.
yeah, but what does our rural rodin have against rickman other than the obvious poisoningtheenvironment angle?
sorry im late, mr president!
but i cant,um...
i need to tell you something.
are you having one?
but thats the great thing about sunsets. theyre unique.
yet it doesnt matter.
the move toward worldwide peace and prosperity is a marathon, not a sprint, but i assure you, america will be setting the pace.
i love you too.
no, i have no enemies here.
get on your knees!
its called monster eats the pilot.
,have told us any other method they could use that would be effective,
he was so close to his dream, and then to just have it taken away like that. must hurt like hell.
ive convinced your brother and joined his gang.
look, im just getting my life back together.
perhaps if you were to include me in this initiative, i could be of even greater service.
i know its a big inconvenience for everyone.
i told you to stay out of here!
i guessed edward would read my thoughts.
youll be absolutely alright.
he just talks, he cant chant any hymns, without me, hes nothing.
better out than in.
unless you put yourself out there, youll never know.
you wont go, priya, destiny will take you there.
shes as good as dead.
they cant talk at all?
and you know what? he too believes in destiny.
they want me there on saturday, your big night.
i didnt know it was gonna be so cold. its like 20,000 degrees below zero.
is it possible that there isnt anything sane or normal at all?
before we begin, we need some background information on your experience.
..and the dogs kid had a pet... that would be sid!
practically built an empire with your mother from the ground up.
the torch torched. hows that for dramatic irony?
they told me about your breakdown.
check in when ready.
and thats why, to make this competition interesting..
whats going on back there? is sayid okay?
i dont want you hanging around him.
without her help this mission wouldnt have been successful, sir.
so until we dont find the black book we cant find this secret.
i would regret to inform you that your son farhan, raju is goin on wrong routes if u dont take required action their future will be spoiled
oh, yeah, and my buddy, sayid.
i dont think erics a bad kid.
about as french as a corn dog!
i missed his whole childhood, so... lt just cant happen.
then his father mocked him and said,
delightful little filly.
l dont have to do that.
and find others like me.
hes local. riley biers.
if he gets hot, take his blanket off.
your buttbrothers are back there!
this is the college where narsings sister studies.
i should go to the station.
those pipes are our way out.
they go in, fold their hands, sing songs and when they come out, its me they find.
you resurrect the past, you get the problems that come with it.
ive been sayin it for ten damn years!
yeah, i miss it.
encoms stock will now trade around the world 2 4l7.
most of the buildings in the city are set up this way.
unchain the prisoner.
one min one min hold this hold..... this is kilo byte this is mega byte n this is his mother giga byte take their pictures... this family doesnt byte bite
do what i say. everything will be fine.
farhanitrate n prerajulisation! ..
yeah, well, considering how our last conversation went... im so sorry about that.
me and dave were just, you know...
my sister is becoming duggals daughterinlaw.
not much of a wake because i wont even be able to bury him.
you mean to say well look for him in entire vasant kunj.
have you cut the line?  yes.
wait, doug? doug?
where you going?
you tell the crew that im dealing with it.
now rewind 1 min of life a bit and think when i asked this question..
why did you call me here urgently?
ill need a lot of protein where im going.
your invitation was most gracious.
oh, thats okay. ive got your key right here.
quality control is very important.
i hope to see you before before you leave.
lets go. up. up.
you have to believe me.
maybe we should open it.
gurgle what a smart little guy!
usually when things are going perfectly, youre back on track, everythings going to plan, and then one day, outta nowhere, somebody forgets to bolt the engine to the wing.
i have a lamp which is where you came out of..
its a new recipe. i..  dont make it ever again.
g, we gotta make a move. come on, man.
what are you doing here?
i didnt go to the black rock on the ateam mission, but i would have, if someone had asked me.
hark, who goes there?
what if i give you guys the cash for the babysitting?
its two out of three.
but i could shoot, you know?
she is a hindu.
thats not me.
explain yourself please.
and hetal, she went to london to study.
so what do i call you?
..itll be difficult to spend few moments.
i need to organize three separate groups.
yeah... but id rather make a run for it, then stay at a 20 storey target.
come on. i can see it. okay.
that is a little  thats a little tight.
hes not anymore.
you on it again?
look, ma, we talked about this.
my first assignments on pi, we were up here cleaning out toxic mold.
he didnt die, which means hes next.
shot himself when i was eight.
forty minutes out of fuller yard.
i can understand your problem.
so the player got played. thats poetic, dont you think?
its roadblock after roadblock.
they make me feel like i won the kentucky derby.
ye... yes sir, and now if you make it one more zero less,
and put everything back where it belongs, i think.
and that is not our boy coughlin.
well, i did have other plans this summer, but they fell through, so i quit my job and i left my mom a note.
well, it doesnt work that way.
this argument is irrelevant.
what sort of strange?
can i have it?
you asked him, didnt you?
i was trying to say that..
remember all those talks we had?
i dont know, i thought youd take you home.
keep your hands where l can see them.
my dad made this with me.
you changed your style.
maybe... a little.
james, no matter what we do. well, i aint got no intention of dyin.
it wasnt a dinosaur.
sometimes i think hes a million miles away and then he surprises me with something like this.
luckily for you, your father negotiated a deal on your behalf.
which one is the chef?
who do you think?
i was negotiating.
i dont know. why dont you ask her?
is that benjamin linus?
then we dont need it.
you fell for her.
youre our son, whether you can benchpress the tractor or not.
uh, perhaps youd be good enough to enlighten me?
i went to check it out and i found you and a girl skinnydipping.
who are you?
order the reserve troops to march forward.
dont worry, madam.
dont believe a word he says.
if not, i dont know what youd do.
you two have inspired me.
look, if you could just access kevins insurance records.
i told karen you missed your flight.
backs pretty sore, but probably just from sleeping on the ground.
wherever you were hiding...
everythings fine now.
tony, why are you walking like this?
now that we have everyone on the list from the tail section, what about goodwin?
and ill take full credit for that...
you shouldnt have.
am i freaking you out?
not maintain, its management, brother.
and shes not that bad.
i graduated from college and figured id see the world.
just do it.
even youre cool!
then why wouldnt they just land?
okay, have it your way.
should i go again?
right now, its only your responsibility to keep it secret.
he showed me to at least 22 indian boys.
are you ok?
you both chat, i will bring coffee.
just throw it to me, right here.
dont you damn do it.
your destiny may be to protect people, but ours is to protect you and thats gotta come first, okay?
kate, ii cant see it.
why are you shouting at me?
how can i leave you in problem!
kalpana isnt madam. plain kalpana.
clark, mr. beels died half an hour ago.
they went to prep school together, apparently.
exit only, honey.
all right. ill put it...
well, take these numbers she wrote down a bunch of times.
whats the matter with you?
clark, can i get a hand out here, please?
what do you need, right now?
that life is over for me, fish.
its a subtle art.
speed sensitive steering
your only limit is your soul.
and why do you care so much about my wellbeing, all of a sudden?
and then a light went on.
thats what i said.
so my attorney tells me that my purchase of the kent farm is being challenged.
you signed it.
right, yeah, well, shes buying my ticket for me.
no, i ate them.
what im doing is helping you.
sayid, youve been attacked.
sobbing lts just... lts too much.
so has the revolution begun yet? or...
charlotte staples lewis.
put your gun on the ground.
id be happy to.
wow. what inspired you to do that?
right in front of me.
the person that we count on the most
its like old times, huh?
quick, honey, take my picture. i got the pyramid in my hand.
just one of my customary motivational speeches youve heard hundreds of times.
are up keeping up till late?
its not you. its everything.
im not afraid of anything you can do anymore, ben.
two men dressed as priests.
listen to me.
but dont worry, after the required allotment of time, well get a quickie divorce and youll be done with me.
juliet said the kids losing blood, and we aint got none to put back in him.
hold on there, gordy.
whered you learn to do that?
the first thing, okay?
in a week they become weak and fall head over heals in love.
why? is your mother home?
honey, can you hear me?
are you into girls?
you just didnt want me lying to you.
how exactly are you gonna find them?
prove that this guy, widmore, did what you say he did. prove it.
im gonna sing like a whole tree full of birds now.
yeah, but he went right through the side of my trailer.
and jin, whos a hell of a nice guy, but not the greatest conversationalist.
someone in here smoke these? lucky strikes? bellick.
did you open the window?
fucking suck a dick.
whered you get that?
locke told me everything.
awing is being shut down for safety purposes.
when we couldnt make things work...
so one night, like a joke i say to him, elmo, who did you kill?
i know that.
does he want to ship it back over to scotland?
dont! no! get away from it.
tell me, or i swear i will hurt you.
ren and i are staying in the barn while we redo my place in the city.
so, whatd they say?
look at the bright side, ramona.
my name is yash.
andy, are you nuts?
youve arranged this meeting so you could blackmail me?
we can stop if you want, catch your breath.
every night id come home, tell her about my day.
yeah, ill meet you at the station.
good cos were almost out.
bhavani, ill not go to hostel.
youve changed, man.
i have fires at 20 meter intervals.
i thought you said you were gonna have a conversation with him.
youve got your choice of helmets.
he said id had a little brother.
what the hell do you want?
to turn a stranger into your own... and then to turn him back to a stranger... you can never understand the pain.
thank you. and thank you for the encouragement.
i gave at the office.
for intelligence, we believe its a total loss.
these are claires. who brought them here?
an outie. from my neck of the woods, eh?
i am eobard thawne.
in for an inch, in for a mile.
aye. im sure.
howd you know i was running?
pulse is good, strong.
his lab assistant came into the room, saw that his mentor had detonated, and he said huh.
okay. okay. okay.
man of tomorrow. very catchy.
kerns, motown, lets go!
but i am giving the narnians back their kingdom.
i dont suppose we could hope this thing gave up on us.
yeah, im good with that.
and the high schools right next to those train tracks. just a few moments ago, a train came barreling down these tracks...
it was, um... relief.
you really havent slept with anyone in 18 months?
its hotter than hell.
not at all. its too late.
the reason ego is outside that door.
we make choices.
has he always been so strong?
the girls who are checking me out.
you okay, jack?
but i remembered!
you go on now.
chang... miles is your son.
and i have to decide which cases were going to devote our very limited resources to.
if i could.
hes going through a really tough time right now.
brewsters notifying its own.
somebody a whole lot smarter than anybody here once said,
he used our service for prayers and not paying us.
you two trying to work things out?
youre supposed to be extinct.
well, i hate to rain on your parade, but...
and now.. now, look im so unfortunate.
why are you interested in rousseau?
whats the dress code for the end of the world?
pooja you know rahul dont you?
i have information that you need.
when the crowd is finally tired of your screams and wandered home...
ive had lots of jobs i didnt want to do.
she could take my king with her three.
sources at the sheriffs office have given me a headsup on ryans stepdad.
that car will be mine. mine, you hear!
im not. its just, you know, it might come in handy.
so, what do you think is the story with that libby chick?
please dont address my client directly.
you still got mine?
that son of a bitch is stubborn.
i am not!
then i got some papers to grade.
are we to believe that she escaped?
what if he gets to know that...
okay. now, ive added your dads old sweater.
nobody has seen him.
as in polar bear. charlotte, were in the desert.
well, john, let me ask you this
where are we meeting him?
you couldnt know it because of fat, you were shot long back.
i think it is!
im just going into town for an hour. do you want to come?
boone did not fall off any cliff.
what, he beats you up to keep you off the streets, so you get yourself tossed into fox river with him?
four, eight, 15, 16, 23, 42.
well, im done with the island.
you came back.
headed toward pershing square.
looks like were already on the menu.
i did it!
whats gonna happen?
cant be the money.
then come on lets get out of here.
its not on my end.
can you hear me?
theres something you need to know.
this goes down four feet, connects to the main line below.
no more appointments tomorrow!
this is my world!
you are mad.
because i have faith, charlie.
what are your orders, beautiful fairy?
with throats burned dry
okay, why dont you just go. ill catch up later.
gentlemen, please... .
we must get out of here. all right.
this is personal.
see you, jack.
..someones having a henna ceremony in this hotel.
the black guard were executing isos in the streets.
anybody wanting a 15,000 bonus... is to smash that transam headon.
shes your stepsister.
youre a unit.
i didnt ask you for anything.
youll eat your math book.
well come back for her just as soon as we can. no. no way.
come with me!
yes, you did.
are you saying our train already passed?
so youre sure youre okay with this whole introduction thing to your friends?
ill be doggone!
prattling on every 10 minutes.
out of three, one has gone!
my kohled eyes speak a mysterious language...
you have to slow down.
one is my friend.
yeah, im gonna be fine.
you two need to stop fighting.
talking baseball, actually.
goddess saraswati herself has incarnated in the house?
what do you say you and i go up into the hayloft and have us a little fun, huh?
my mother was taken prisoner and killed when i was young.
why? is there a problem?
guys, stop. is this creep a friend of yours?
you wanna go somewhere...?
dont touch that.
he didnt come see me.
thats not a bad life.
your father is walter bishop.
taking bets today, red?
just put her in her bed, okay.
im sorry to say, far more advanced.
what are we gonna do?
better if no one knows how little is left.
what is she telling me, that he just got up and walked out? i dont know.
youve given me your hand, michael.
ill have it divered to your berth?
i mean, look at it. its  its camouflaged.
thats maximum security, your honor.
okay, take position.
hes standing on a beehive.
you keep telling yourself what you know.
im gonna take you somewhere safe.
all the arrangements will be done by the next full moon.
i must get to the other side.
we are coming to you.
how can you say that?
are all the doors closed?
i think you misunderstood me.
let me teach you someday.
who are we to question whos on the list and whos not?
we have your number, right?
hey, stop here.
scoffs  not mine.
okay, lets have a look. its too deep.
do you know what he did?
the captain has turned on the fasten seat belt sign.
i may not be able to bless you but ill be happy.
well, you ended the war.
do you know what you would like this evening, sir?
what the hell are you following?
yurek, take the feet and a flashlight.
its not safe.  thats my boy.
i dont want you in any one of those cities.
shes entitled to that tape as much as you or i are.
shes my friend.  ls it?
we gave him back to you in one piece, mike. youre the one who lost him.
her dog pepper, on the other hand...
wheres the fun in that?
it was supposed to be an intimate occasion.
its like theyre digging for something.
youre good to go.
how does it feel?
or the axe.
i cant wait another 10 years of my life.
were surviving here, hurley.
it isnt heartless.
hes so handsome.
you dont have anything on you, do you?
do you have any idea what it would cost to bring those bodies up?
give me five minutes, ill get the 10 best lawyers in the state.
he said his name was christian.
you were trying to protect your people.
which is wonderful, since hes only in berlin once or twice a year.
you tell him...
im here to solve this case. i want the truth.
we had to sell out.
12 oclock. 110 meters.
i know you can be careful, but what if theres an accident?
watch. watch this.
my name is khan and im not a terrorist.
what sort of a person are you?
we moved from town to town in the earth kingdom.
this crush is your finest yet.
i think they have used you very well.
just do the best you can, ok?
okay. i have to finish an assignment.
but only because i knew you wouldnt have come otherwise.
im trying, brother!
thats a big step.
you commit yourself, you hand your heart over to someone, but it always seems like its the little things that keep chipping away at it
i was here to support my son.
how you doing?
dont burn me!
bob rickman, rickman industries.
i am proud of you, kid.
here we go again.
whats important is whats inside it.
look, they made you bigger than me.
yeah, well, im fixing her up.
and lets get down to business.
then let me ask you something.
you didnt want a baby any more than i did.
oh hi dude. how is it going man?
were burying ana lucia and libby at sunset.
and what makes you an exception?
i dont know, seems kind of out there.
where ever you go in this city, youll find me.
ifyou are here who is singing this prayer in the morning?
why would i wanna go?
well, mr. tucker, while that sets up...
i dont know.
im flying on fumes! i gotta put this bird down.
ive been feeling sick all week, so i took a test and... why didnt you tell me?
i dont think your brother likes me.
dory! this is not whale.
can i help you? the captain sent us down to help with the repairs.
when you saw me on the beach this morning, was i holding a slipper?
theyre not going to come for us.
please save me, killing brahmin is sin.
im gonna see if i can turn the power on.
i played basketball for the first time without worrying if id hurt anyone.
i push this button every 108 minutes.
and the girls i didnt tap
hey, its payback for the ham sandwiches.
the things that i thought i knew for sure...
no problem, right?
always return to this position.
love you, dad.
youre going to be ok. just try and relax. wheres horace?
look, brother  its very simple.
come here, get on the ground, before i pop your fucking teeth out!
what are you looking for?
i can bury him.
i ran into ella montgomery today.
l dont know. 1 0 years?
you tell me. ive been with you since we crashed.
by the way, im rose.
must have been big as a pony, and its filled to the rim with beans.
its not a book, its a manuscript.
you. you do it.
but then he gets her.
i was not,sarah.
you need to tell me where to go.
welltrained but funny.
she insulted me publicly because of you.
its still your investigation, but once those criminals cross state lines, itll become a federal matter.
very well, jeanbaptiste grenouille.
i already did!
when were you gonna tell me this?
at four, if not now then how will i ever...?
if we make a wrong move, theyll catch him.
tell him that you love narsings sister.
at least the nightmares seem to have stopped.
thats not her daughter.
i cant hear anything.
you come around these bleachers again, its gonna be more than just words were exchanging.
youve done the right thing.
how did you find him?
its gonna get loud.
it wasnt easy to get away.
i figure if he can fool me, he can fool you.
its not him.
we all just want to help you get bet...
but you know what i think, linguini?
now, maybe youll think twice before you freeze someones head!
you would risk our lives to help him?
and im through pretending!
you didnt think the others should know about this?
they light candles and leave teddy bears.
thats what keeps us close.
youre mine now.
how come you didnt pick up the home phone?
youd better check on your dad, he didnt look well.
trust me. the results can be pretty explosive.
what kind of second chance would i have?
you have no idea.
and they are my most trusted employees.
look at me. im a freak.
he called lafleur.
lets hang them, sheriff!
we saved your life and hid those bodies.
people die of common sense, dorian, one lost moment at a time.
are you ok? huh?
some people can take it.
yes, my lamb. yes, just a more important one now.
dont worry, mom. relax. its okay.
whatever you do, you hold onto this tight. you got me?
it was my destiny that on the honeymoon night..
once they have me, their orders are to kill everyone else on the island.
what the hell are you laughing at? what are you laughing at?
desmond, what are you running from?
jenny, what are you doing?
you have come to meet me... havent you?
no, scott, pick up.
why are you putting this stupid plane in there?
dont blame me if things go wrong...
you want to help?
richard, hes here.
super 64, you all right?
oh, go rescue a baby bird or something.
i think youre a lot stronger than you know, charlie.
oh, thank you.
tell them grandma separated us at birth.
um listen to my instructions carefullly else when you step out from the college gate youll face death in centre of road itself, why ?
so, everyone hold on to their hearts.
whos your recruiter?
were still trying to connect with the shipper to determine exactly what that is.
oh, now, youre just frustrated.
look, you cant even walk out your door in the summertime without being bitten by a mosquito.
make sure they got a hazmat team briefed and ready.
give these bracelets to aleya at her wedding...
i thought we were all supposed to meet at the torch.
no, i cannot do it.
how do you know so much about this, danny boy?
yeah. yeah, in the...
my views on penal reform.
you ready to accept that kind of responsibility?
gentlemen, have you no sense of decency? !
im sorry she did that.
every crossings closed off for 20 miles.
im just making conversation. lets make some time.
but considering hes dead, we aint holding our breath.
come, ill drop you at home.
if someone with a low iq has lowlatent inhibition, it almost always results in mental illness.
because its not him.
popular wedding flower, come in green, blue.
and it doesnt have to be me but then you have to show arthur what i just saw.
and locke? i mean... his body?
meanwhile, the wicked malvolio plots his ascension to the throne while her aging father lies gravely ill.
but if you come with us... all those things youve spent your life trying to find out...
its just a bullshit word.
144 oak park...
what the hells that supposed to mean?
look i am really sorry!
do you have the ring?  uh...
scrap...scrap business, mother.
so lets gather up some firewood.
you dont deserve to be downsized.
if you change your mind, ill be staying under the name jeremy bentham in l.a.
there is panic throughout the globe as countries and citizens try to protect their beloved landmarks. law enforcement still has no leads, leaving everyone to wonder, which of the worlds villains is responsible for this heinous crime? and where will he strike next?
i just want it all to be over.
i brought it with me straight from san francisco.
where does your sister work?
hes still talking.
for you to wash it, and a delishus custom handwash at that...
infact when he was conducting a marriage, bride was ready to elope with him, why dont you tell her?
you see this cheater player over here, huh. come on, you freaked me out.
hey... lt was an accident.
i love you so much.
im sick of everyone telling me what to do. let go of me.
brother, youre both looking very nice.
what do you mean,torch the island? that was not the agreement.
but i cant speak for cobol engineering.
well miss you.
are you taking me to david?
you said you were happy.
mrs. kent, you forgot your purse.
clark, dont touch him!
this is it, dude.
my grandfather taught me.
spent a lot of money here in will county before he was incarcerated?
i was embarrassed.
in response to your inquiries the state has allocated the enclosed funds for your library project.
christian... tells me he wishes he had the stonesto pick up the phone and call his kid.
i cant believe he did it.
i can save him.
this little piggy wants to go home!
if he has his calculations, i too have my own calculations.
in prison a man will do most anything to keep his mind occupied.
i got a job.
it hurts, man. it hurts.
i mean, that noise, and the sky turned that weird violet color.
thats your problem!
what if im whats real?
if it wasnt them, then who was it?
dont play, lets go home.
even the romans saved that for special occasions.
this is not healthy.
we have to think about ethan.
by the first light of next morning, grenouille had a new plan.
quiet nonsense like this you teach engineering?
i assure you its all done with care.
how about i give you three guesses?
when the red sox win in extra innings and everybody can go home happy and theyre singing dirty water...
she looks pretty hardcore.
its the secondary protocol.
the guy in the hatch tried to kill me.
he said they received over 500 applicants last year.
honey, theres nothing wrong with you.
i am going to make this easy for you.
i suppose you ought to clean up then.
can youuuu give us diiirectionsss?
yeah, were friends.
a bird with big wings and feathers sticking up from the bottom.
thats not actually what i said but, yes, i am.
youve been watching them? im deeply invested in the future of the island, john.
well, why dont we play a few holes and see which one of us is more accurate?
holy shit! damn it.  lnmates shouting
what are you doing, you idiot.
why arent we going to the beach?
i mean, just in case people start asking.
hes alive, he should be thanking me.
how in the hell am i supposed to be a dad, claire?
is that what this is about?
two men, dressed as priests.
im looking for mr. kent.
with you, it was just a little more complicated, thats all.
when you stay over, you stay over.
dont let me down again.
i love you.. for the parrot.. what about me?
i get it.
i can understand the rest..
one that kept even aslan at bay for near a hundred years.
that bullet was fired pointblank right into his skull.
theres still metal in there.
she shouted on me in dream also, priya, dont always have red bull, try this sometimes.
that puts us 70s, 80s...  the guys with the bags...
i have other things on my mind.
i feel dead.
do my best to cover it up.
power comes from here, and fires incredible microwave there.
...while we were...
you hitting that?
i guess i lucked out, then.
yeah, and how long is that going to last?
michael he took off to the beach.
tsutey, brother do you read?
its her first eid festival in the family after the wedding.
yes, pretty girl?
sun teach me.
the party is in the restaurant.
its called great britain.
be good, katie.
clark, what are you doing here?
i hate this game.
the question is, howd they get inside?
its not really a smoky taste.
im guessing you didnt rent this car?
the banks been robbed!
you want me back where you can keep an eye on me.
someone you can totally trust and would always be there for you.
i can breathe..
weve gone down this road before,mike.
if someone ever tries to blackmail you, now youll have something to hide.
you know this guy?
no, your mother said she couldnt make it.
i was thinking, maybe a heist is a tuesday thing, right?
but he is black and i mean black!
you have a pen, baby? anything?
north of the wall?
you know... in trouble.
which may be a success now that we dont have to eat cobb salad with our fingers.
wheres my mum?
without explanation they were called back in, the case was reclassified and buried in the xfiles until i dug it up.
it means they two.
so far, he hasnt played ball with the feds.
now how about you tell me why you were too busy drinking and blowing up trees to see him get born?
foreman not a problem. alicia
and when they left, i was something different.
so, beezus, suppose i told you that when i pulled up in front of the house tonight...
i thought you came over for fashion advice?
she wasnt around, but i was struck by this.
i know that youre already planning to kill john again, and i want you to know that if you so much as touch him,
theres nothing else out this way.
did you grow up locked away in a dragons keep?
i gave them my address too.  who did you tell?
you dont have to do anything you dont want to.
like this plane crasht hat you survived.
all right, then.
i took up the matter.
the transmission abdul picked up on his little radio.
l dont think so.
i know my limits.
lisa, whatever femaledriven, emotionbased dilemma youre dealing with right now, you have my sympathy.
theres always a choice.
i told him something he didnt want to hear.
why dont you shut up, hammo?
couple of days.
six oclock! move, move!
help yourself to the chow.
were running out of room around here.
what sort of information?
to relay what we heard without fully understanding it will cause a panic.
i believe im the reason he was in australia when he died.
leave me alone.
and hes going to order something.
ill be back.
youre broadcasting footage of the wreckage and saying that thats the pilot, seth norris.
so now you want him.
and it will come despite your pitiable, misguided, irish omerta.
is that for me?
we got a remote near the pigpen?
and i, in return, will not kill you.
i live in a trailer, not a cave.
grenouille entered the city through the portdeleones.
thats why i called machiraju, they would be here any moment.
ls that the plane you saw?
i apologise for intruding upon your personal affairs.
do i know to dance?
principal kwan, what brings you to the sweat box?
i dont know, baby.
hes got his eye on a target.
we have four guns. we should have four men.
to arms, telmar!
sometimes, i really miss talking to him.
lets go to the nurses office.
we got two on our six, jimmy. shackle!
how many drinks did you have at lunch, dad?
..your faith in destiny has brought us together.
any word from them?
are you insane?
why do you think its going to work out with her?
who the hell do you think you are? why dont you just stay away?
over half a billion dollars ive found so far in federal grants to ecofield for alternative fuel research.
he was there for me.
you with him?
looks like were not the first ones who decided to tie up here.
i kept pushing things.
can i go?
you expecting someone?
these images giving some idea of the rate these meteors are travelling.
oppenheimer used to say, a genius sees the answer before the question.
and you let me go. set me free.
imimim sorry, brother.
it was a lousy day!
lets have a game of hideandseek!
i dont know, son.
the kids are coming out.
we better get movin.
shes resting up in metropolis for a few days until i can get some answers.
we didnt learn the whisperintheear thing in med school.
i just barely got away.
let me go.
all units, 211 on an armored vehicle, 4th and olive.
sayid said every hour.
take a deep breath.
are you okay with that?
youre coming with us.  we need to stay where we are
something definitely off menu.
i think you should go home.
you say you have proof that hes not. i want to see it. why dont you put down the gun?
do you happen to remember the room number?
we should check it out. yeah.
im tired of being afraid all the time.
this is not checkmate.
you stay here for 6 months then youre transferred
my plan, your command.
sl recruitment announcement will be made in 3 months.
he responds only to his masters voice.
she must be around.
looks, brains, and that whole farmboy charm.
this is a matter of our prestige. inquire it quickly.
the f.b.i. is here to protect... do not tell me how to do my job!
dude, we like built a raft.
his story has moved thousands of muslims.
you can imagine how appreciative id be.
i let you down. i just dont know what to do.
any plans better than no plan.
but you just had a breakthrough this morning.
what sort of bird?
im interning at the planet.
like, some girls like to shop.
you have no idea what i am capable of.
look at him.
inquire about don seenu.
the bank recalled the money.
fasten your seat belt, maam.
therefore an enemy
if he moves, hell split the hive.
i dont know why youre treating me this way, why i have to explain to you who i am when you dont tell me who you are.
i wouldnt miss this for anything!
because you know what youre gonna have on your deathbed?
short sticks carry the packs.
so, are you suggesting something?
youre playing drama, wheres the island with my father?
lets go d!
remember that game with easton.
whats this new business?
just tell him.
i was in a hitandrun.
let some mecha loose to run.
whos back there?
yeah, im nestor pollack.
in exchange for living with us.
mr. and mrs. kent, i have no idea how this could have happened but ill do everything in my power to find out.
fuck, fuck!  dont shoot me.
madyam paadam..... tuchuk tuchuk.
redfern on flank.
the veneer of safety. now, people like me are sworn to protect that.
shes a bargain, nice job dude.
or are you the guy who always feels like hes living in the shadow of the genius?
my mother wanted me to spend some quality time with my dad.
were coming in with a fourteenj.
okay, thats beautiful.
take me home
is his name ranchhodas!
should i wear traditional dress to impress him?
my mother... she will explain everything to you.
does it look like they got anything?
why do you smoke so much?
another station on the island.
we had cushions, we had some life jackets.
and if i were you, i wouldnt give up on him.
it means were close.
all righty then.
get down to the basement car park.
relax. they dont speak english.
i locked that door.
best of luck!
i never thought id see it again.
come on! we got the cash.
no,aaron was born on this island.
never recreate places from your memory.
hey, you got more red ones.
same sur name dullon
grab this end!
i need everyone out of the water now!
martha has her heart set on tulips.
l did. i liked it.
no barricade of this world can stop it.
yeah, im goanna talk to mr. fleming about it in a few minutes.
the job is called location scout, and kelly you should come with us.
who the hell are you?
only 5 sets of 20.
god, why is it so hard to remember?
whimsical instrumental music whimsical music continues princeton university
frank, can i?
you need help!
she is with eywa now.
one sec up one sec down, up down up down up tell me the definition?
yeah, freddys my brother.
have fun, do it! everybodys doing it
amsterdam, here we come.
where were you last night, around sunset?
fortunately, ive got an army of them.
be as that as it may..
and he said the dog had bitten his baby sister on the cheek, and he needed to protect her.
he has to keep going.
im sure it comes as no surprise whom we have to thank.
no need to panic.
youre free, sayid.
i dont care how big your eyes get, player, its not going down.
ive been doing topsecret work for the government.
she looks just like jin.
he was the son of our gardener..
i promise you.
you could lead it.
why didnt you?
who did this?
ryan, are you sure you dont remember anything about last night?
ive been waiting for long for love.
but baby, youre the one.
a power failure... hold it.
i think he said follow the pipe.
beera, ill be back
grownups are here!
and now, i owe like 47.
you wouldnt believe how many rentacops forget to fill out the previous criminalrecord section on their job apps.
were going through some clothes. sorting them.
i gotta get you to jack.
im gonna do it this time.
and i know that every now and then, you like to park outside my house.
why he was after me.
look, i even found this emerald necklace in the antique store.
jacks never home before 800 anyway.
leave a security element in place. take the rest of your chalk to the crash.
captain nikolai ivanov
to come up with something totally original, the way you did,
as complicated as jin being the last one here to find out you spoke english?
then we wouldnt be here at all.
hell, with that kind of money, lets go find an island somewhere and sit on the beach drinking mojitos till we go toes up.
let me cry today.
back off tucker, you dont sketch regulations.
i want to touch it.  oh.  ooh.
he already knows it.
previously on prison break
i need you to take me to radzinsky at the work site, immediately.
whats another word for love?
jodi, i didnt see you in class. are you okay?
i never lied.
well, im sick of her and all her talk about her dead parents.
tshirts for you.
but, devon, i gotta get on with my own life.
perhaps it was in another hospital.
okay, jack. one more.
got it. go! wait!
yeah, well, i think that chromosome pool is about dried up.
i didnt. so how do you know it wasnt a dinosaur?
no matter how pretty i think you are.
where else would we be going?
it is my strong belief that he is traveling to the northern water tribe.
that would be me.
dont take it back.
and did you try to escape at any point?
youre taking too long.
going into the jungle after the boomsticks, huh?
look, im starting a safari ranch.
do not look in her eye.
why did you get in danger?
we must tell this truth to baba.
its gonna be great. a really big sign.
why didnt you catch him?
you remember, the one with the great tits who odd in my bathroom?
how far are you willing to go with that?
dear, congratulations, congratulations.
its been eight months since divya shifted from delhi.
when is he going to die?
i will dance at our wedding.
why are you talking like a villain?
just somewhere safe.
he needs water.
lana, i didnt lie to you.
dude. i am.
did you get here too late?  dont give me that shit.
and second, i have a highly developed sense of taste and smell.
such a beast! slimy! idiot!
yeah, im definitely going.
promise me that no matter what happens, well never change.
and you just happened to wander onto my farm?
i dont think i can do it.
they make you what?
tina, nobodys life is perfect.
we saw the light.
you dont have the guts to tell your brother and bhabhi... how you are related to them...
does he know his wifes in labor?
... onthisfuckinghypothetical woman patients mind.
look, i dont know how you found that disk, bro, but i need it back.
i m just trying to find out where you re coming from.
no, i can still walk.
since it was in his backyard that the clothes and hair of all the victims had been found.
uh, who shall i tell her inquired?
no cheque only cash.
seenu balance rs.40.
but pasta told me all this.
if i take that, im gonna kill someone.
thats strangely involuntary!
theyll say that you came till final year and had quit!
i just thought i recognized someone out there.
why will i phone you?
its for one of burrows old girlfriends, man.
theyve gotten to you, havent they?
im afraid youre too late, son.
generally, im very busy.
that curses spirit is at fault.
l dont know. what kinda joke?
you seem a little tense.
send soldier boy, damn it!
all the problems seemed to have disappeared from his mommys mind.
god, i mustve looked through 20 suitcases.
im done with the hatch.
so ill be heading off to alaska in a few weeks.
please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts.
brotherinlaw no trouble getting here?
oh no, no, no, no.
guess you wont be coming back next week, huh?
anyway you will kill me on knowing the truth in few days.
... and i told her what we were doing...
well... you will.
the same as my father.
ha, ha, ha.
exact one from next tuesday.
but ive never seen lex so freaked out before.
anyone want to tell me why were keeping this guy alive?
so, you gonna let us go?
theyre convinced it was some shadwell renter.
this is where you remind me of all the terrible things you can have done to me.
thats why every year on his birthday pooja and ive a special prayer for him lfhe had to see pooja like this today he wouldve been unconscious.
hey silly sidekick!
we need to keep moving.
come. these are all our products and these are the details.
why, is your mom asking to see receipts?
my rizu did nothing short of a miracle near his house.
my husband leaves for the office everyday..
maybe being normal wont be so bad.
youre kidding. everything?
justin had this in his portfolio yesterday.
sayid is coming. he knows...
you know how many times i studied that damn manifest?
we go after it.
this is crazy.
otto fibonacci is... hes just like you.
its okay, clark.
dont you think it would be better...?
i dont know, but let me give it a shot.
it chills my blood just to look at you.
at first i didnt know what it was.
i dont mind if you dont take me in your gang.
as soon as i woke up, i crashed.
im on it.
they must be playing some trick or something.
where did you hear that?
yeah, because that happens all the time.
we would love to.
ill come everyday.
oh, hang in there, marines.
two pounds of pot?
fiend. no insults in the world are enough foryou
he thinks that scholarship is his only way out of here. i wish hed see himself the way i do.
of course. you didnt have to ask.
his sister loves someone.
my mommy told me to run away.
to which, incidentally, im taking erica fox!
what the fuck was that?
claire keesey, please.
im used to people judging me.
i eat what i want i go where i want...
i know where to find one.
why dont you do something?
lets go, lets go!
hey, its okay.
yes, lana, its part of the building.
this map says were only two blocks away.
theyre just being punks.
grab my arm!
get out of here!
just watch out for the sammys throwing the rocks, and youll be fine.
you add those five cars that you picked up...
put him where he belongs.
all go now ill go now gentlemen wait!
daddy, hes getting away.
since i bought this..
what do you want?
and now hes wet and theres sand everywhere.
i wouldnt be able to forgive myself.
he did it. i know it.
a stray bomb, while she was shopping for a dress.
dont worry, brother. come here. its dangerous out there.
what the fuck does he want?
but if youre going to trust us with your child, i want you to be sure.
and you look down at rothbart, and then at the prince,
345 hamilton avenue,
im like this close to the high score on donkey kong.
no, i came down here to pick up my little sister for music lessons.
for you, only for you ill support jenny.
you better wake up.
yeah, one guy.
how can i help them if i dont know who they are?
children, look. look! our new home.
because i can see right through the door.
what the hell are you talking about?
and that freakin redneck jerk.
didnt they tell you this is the end of the world?
you and freckles.
i havent removed his giblets yet.
if all fish look like that, i would fuck fish!
would you testify to that?
a questionable phone call is not going to stack up to that.
my sunny days.
i save that story for the people i trust.
no spectre gunships, daylight instead of night...
we family, right?
could you please turn the lights back on?
im coming to you, and coming to you fast.
if anything goes wrong, we are dead meat.
call them back!
hey, man, theres a line.
so now what the hell do we do?
is there an email, or...
i have to get something out there otherwise ill be pretending to listen to you all night when really im thinking about something else.
ok, here we go. here we go, ok.
was it lex luthor?
guard got a look at one of them.
ana lucia and libby are dead.
whats his name?
two cops, they said.
because thats the one thing in the whole world that kate does care about.
they just let michael go, hoping we would keep up our end of the bargain?
now only two are left.
im being held against my will!
well, according to the ledger wade got injured and scott started using drugs.
dude, youre on your own.
this happens to be the most popular, not to mention the most populated place in town.
we have five birds down two klicks west of cp victory.
give me a kiss.
yes, im sure! he was right there!
gonna give us a permit for prospecting.
ive assured everyone there is no level 3. that is the truth, isnt it?
from his first breath of the odor enveloping this man...
..did you take your army along?
i bet it would be nice... to have something of your own for once.
its a hard fucking job to dance both.
i just wanted to let you know that nick savrinn left six messages for you.
old school. great. whats that?
the blood trail ends here.
in fact, that is why i came by here today. isnt it, tucker?
i wont sign this.
jenny, go and get autograph book.
but the others didnt believe me.
kitts current speed,theyll be in the tunnel in 15 seconds.
its your turn.
ill tell him about our matter slowly, dont worry.
are you sure im the one who doesnt believe in you, jack?
howd you get my dad to sign that contract?
no, im not!
i convinced you to build twowheeled death machines with me.
jack kate jack. kate.
it was only as real as you made it.
but im thinking im gonna take it.
theyll wake up, poke their little heads out... and they see a whale! right by their bedroom window.
if your opinion is right type yes, or no if its wrong, and send sms to 50505.
i stayed a couple extra days to sightsee.
in their defense, im not an easy person to trust.
i am exactly where i want to be.
are you throwing a challenge? ive already thrown it.
andy was as good as his word.
we were caught dad was a big man so master ji thought its better to tell him before telling the principal!
you need big money to flatter hyderabad girls, you need meg bucks to flatter this girl.
protecting both your heart and mine?
nemo, newcomer of orange and white... you have been called forth... to the summit of mount wannahockaloogie... to join with us in the fraternal bonds of tankhood.
being eaten by wild animals?
look, he fucks up, mr. kane, he answers to me, okay?
hold that for one second.
how was your ride in?
i know you made a promise.
so, these are the questions that ins is gonna ask us.
flynn built it many cycles ago for the games.
my mother was never the same after that, and my father got even more distant.
please come quickly, sir.
keep an eye, be alert.
just out of curiosity, what were lexs findings on the crash?
i assure you.
shoot him. to his death
is there something you want from me?
i dont think ii can... did i say something to upset you?
unfortunately, unless theres some evidence of violence or sexual predation between cellmates, those kinds of requests fall on deaf ears around here.
its just a formality.
it leads to hell!
but i dont know whether i even love him!
raju.... he reads ur blogs everyday!
it was a terrible time for me, but i went to that hotel anyway.
and in many ways, you have shown me.
i told him it was brownings so hed be a part of our team.
my sister happens to be attracted to the wrong kind of guy.
hes my angel.
the silent temptress that, with a single sneeze, brought out the basest instincts in men and drove them to violence.
listen, do you happen to know those people in the corner booth over there?
im worried about the next act.
..about the students ball?
this is how they stand before us.
we lost the original sample in the fire.
the match between woodstock international and manor house... is at a very interesting turn. 5 runs and one ball...
this child parented by anyone else, anyone other than you...
its a business.
well buy microsoft.
yeah, yeah, that, uh, yeah, they...reduced the weight load.
just dont sweat it, all right?
cut! sir, we got a problem down at the orchid.
dont irritate him with your broken english and face death.
die is one, you can take as many copies as possible.
do you have a family photo?
what happened next changed everything..
now remember, youre just a prop in here.
i told the guy...
its not my metabolism.
your brothers a hero.
raaju.... and he always put the blame on others!
i feel alive.
he smells good.
blown to bits sounds so.... sudden!
it was just a charley horse.
the truth is, im ashamed that it took metastasizing to give me the courage.
where is my husband.
or flat fact.
he hasnt looked me in the eye since. the guy holds a serious grudge.
this guy is dangerous.
we were in the middle of talking about you for the last three years.
i know there is much we can learn from each other, if we can negotiate a truce.
you gonna put the lime in the coconut, drink them both up?
your mother was like any other teenager. she had her ups and her downs.
what the hell is she talking about? have no idea.
now wheres my goddamn fuckin money?
ive been telling myself the same thing, but you know what?
im just over it.
lobster.  saw that!
he said follow the pipe.
but that is a name i have outgrown.
i dont know what youre talking about.
hello, whos there?
i know you must think me a very foolish man.
the monkey took away my phone.
heidi will arrive any moment.
and im going to renew my overruling of your objection.
i can at least get out.
look, nicholas has lots of money.
do you have a theory?
i did not tell charlie to do what he did.
eee! acne they called it.
sydney to los angeles.
i just want to find a cure.
just tell me if you did.
i would love to, clark.
no, stop saying that!
you and your friends are gonna get on it.
and a piranhas a fish, just like your present.
no, jem would have said yes.
things are gonna change for us.
papa suffers from sleepwalking.
hes dressed as b.p.d.
theyre the great triumph of matter over mind.
..when jatin proposed to me.
of course weve stopped.
lets do this.
hey, where are you going? i have to say goodbye to my daughter, john.
he was my partner.
where are we going?
i never wanted to hurt chloe. i didnt even want money. i wanted to rescue her.
today too when i remember those moments.
shoot, damn it!
you gotta go?
i will not be cowed into forsaking my beliefs.
i wish i could just get rid of it.
maybe it slipped down behind your... i need you to pull yourself together, lisa.
this is incredible
i cant see, flo. youre getting a little too...
because business between friends is always a little sticky.
my fingers laced a crown
and so the lizard completes his journey from humble beginnings to the legend we sing of today.
theodore tbag bagwell, life for six counts of kidnapping, rape and firstdegree murder.
in my heartbeats or breaths.
and what i saw was beautiful.
all i know is were all getting the fuck out of here.
or havent seen, as seems to be the case.
things could be worse.
hey, look whos here.
due to fear..i was a bright student since childhood parents thought that it will abolish our poverty!
youre damn right.
i had to jump.
mom, are you in your room?
aare yaar oh emperor, you are great.. accept the gift ill give you a free advice mr.wangdu..run!
use my brotherinlaw.
look, dont you want the best for this kid?
i thought you were in construction. i am. i mean, you know, i was.
why are you insulting me?
hold onto this.
you played us. you played me.
of course, out on the hillside above grasse, we had only to bellow pure fresh air. ah, grasse!
who will believe us.
im not the only one wondering where youre gonnan weigh in on this whole moving off the beach thing.
im sure this is the place.
youre safe now, mangla.
they probably found this place and knew they could survive here.
jack, give me a hand!
how did that happen?
they want you to say it. so say that.
im looking at him, you know?
north. which way is it?
about my raise and promotion...
you have three minutes.
well, richard, youre just about to see where i disappeared to.
the only thing weird about tina is the amount of time she spends idolizing lana.
physics, my ass.
yeah, thats a good idea.
ambos brought this girl in dead.
if we find the papers of property...
thats what scares you.
go and see there.
he almost didnt make it but another driver pulled him out.
after everything is ready, if this man talks to major like this,
there is no substitute for your own child!
some say the chain can be broken.
yes... so far.
like i said, curiosity.
you have said enough. thank you.  welcome.
well, look whos out of the anemone.
had dinner with him a couple weeks ago.  yeah?
they must have fought each other to survive.
i had abused a lot and you ran away.
credit records, salary statement.
your picture awaits you, dorian.
you came to our village.
oh, okay, you think so, huh?
actually you can... you have the right
you wish i didnt know.
and columns, there.
this is one of chloes favorite songs.
i m sorry, doctor.
youre a good man.
who does the rat think he is?
do you know mother always says that... a husband is god.
im gonna say something crazy to you now.
sweetheart, im your father.
then make me your wife, not one of your whores!
were here because of you.
youre being nice.
thats not possible.
i understand youre a man that knows how to get things.
duggals son and he are coming together.
what on gods earth...?
you know what i call him?
he is a fighter, your little john.
they used those stones as altars to kill the officers.
no sir, then get lost!
where did it crash?
jin and michael are doing everything they can, but theres no time!
everyone turns up one sooner or later.
sayid just came walking out of the jungle in handcuffs alone.
in fact, if all of you luthors were to dry up and die, i wouldnt shed a tear.
whyd you investigate it in the first place?
hell never be able to take that back.
and now were going back.
locke doesnt want to leave the island. ive told you, pregnant women, they dont survive here.
they need to get to durants crash site fast.
doing his time like a man.
ive been exercising.
but we can write them easily.
youve been leading us in circles all night.
what kind of a human being are you ?
there were screams.
look at him.
hell get caught now.
ill tell you good news, come.
..i cant cover the rizvan khan story.
let me get this straight.
be well, my friend.
now i will never let him go anywhere, sam.
and to give you a real good idea where that anger of yours will get you if you dont rein it in,
this man, rizvan khan, is a simple guy.
click lowered voice its sayid.
but i was young.
and im pretty good with faces of the passengers, and i did not see him.
by running back and forth.
oh, hes fine.
i want to tell you...
so... this is where you shot locke and left him for dead, huh?
youve got to learn the art of negotiating.
royal peanut butter.
you forgot the pyjamas!
and im not sure were gonna like what we find.
you picking anything up with yours?
hungry and screwed!
come along, ladies.
you dont really believe that?
doesnt that earn us a week or two to find our people?
the world is strange, mandira.
you have no idea how long ive been waiting for someone to agree with me.
now, ive done this enough times to know this stuff isnt meant to be, even though it may feel that way.
what are they doing.
what do i think you are?
did you know that claire was flying to l.a. to give him up for adoption?
it was safe at the beach. its not safe here.
this is your home.
or maybe make a few friends among us cons.
its not gonna open!
you say the grass is ours, cow is ours, have you ever tried to milk it?
where did you find the courage?
and what message is that?
just like you got my note..
if anything goes wrong...  ill cut my head and send it to you.
theres someone else still out there.
yeah, it looks a lot less pitchforky and torchy out there.
enough of play acting.
and once shes gone...
you mean west wilmington?
this cant be happening.
no, please, please dont do this.
are you gonna do it?
ls he man or dog?
isnt this nice?
my business proposal.
did your wife feel bad?
i buzzed, but no one answered.
yeah, well, youre short! hold on,
my foots stuck.
its one percent!
thats a good one, cookie!
and it was hard.
youve got to stop calling me. its too late, all right?
you want to see the face of wife of..
someone put it there, someone who wants everyone to think were dead.
you know i just want this house.
why did we go?
im not your father, sam.
you want my shift?
that somebody saw these.
because i believe a father would do anything for his son.
aww, man , that is just wrong.
you powers could be limitless
ok ok, ill keep quiet earn for kids, work like a servant, and after all these keep mouth shut?
sun, please, lets just go back to the plane, see if i can fix the radio, and maybe we can get some help.
to live with maya and the kids...
how can i say?
mom would have loved this place.
they love their sheepdogs.
youre quite predictable.
dont touch me, all right?
to airport security.
we stole their helicopter, flew to their freighter, but it blew up.
you should have said yes, lana.
the guys a boy scout.
that they can take whatever they want.
lets face it. i wanted that ring to be real.
youre not gonna be one of them, bella.
..will be my friends too.
and its the whole list?
sorry, sayid, but some things just happen.
lt does. lt does.
i had a girlfriend once that told me i talked in my sleep.
are you kidding me?
this is my dad.
blackburn, can you hear me?
our very own adam and eve.
well, i tell you what, jim, if your crew shows up, well send them with you.
after that, she should be fine to go to work.
theyll take care of it. wheres the fun in that?
i find if hes having trouble swimming...
we thought she didnt like him.
no. i remember.
the choice was quite easy.
hes taping his blood type to his boots.
is it the big one?
jack be careful unwrapping it.
you know what? fucking blow me.
just a second, ill go out.
last night, i experienced something new, an extraordinary meal from a singularly unexpected source.
that i cannot answer
its not real!
all of you, hit that line!
i finally got the joke.
i can hear her thoughts.
why are you sitting here?
but with privilege comes responsibility.
i was dragged into the jungle by two men.
not by road, book a chopper.
how rude. henry wotton.
they destroy. they corrupt.
then who is?
youre an astute man.
i know where we go.
if you dont come with me right now, you will never get outta here.
you wouldnt understand.
what will they think of next?
and then by the time he realized his mistake, the train was going too fast for him to climb back on.
and for your lovely cheeks, a gillette razor.
sent a group after them. well, maybe i shouldve said it in my secret language.
first, hell behead all the british along with the king and conquer madhavgarh.
good morning. tata, byebye.
this whole birthday extravaganza has been pretty distracting.
but you dont worry.
are you sure?
it was different choreography, though.
i didnt do anything.
thank you, lord sopespian.
hey, can we order pizza?
im not gonna do it.
well, i dont want you to.
and she suffered a heart attack.
when i slapped you, i was protecting you.
hes toying with my mind like a cat with a ball of...
you say something to my boy?
and i wasnt even here for that babystealing part.
do you know who this guy is?
i want them looking like mirrors.
but a family spokesperson has confirmed
it makes a difference.
what did you hear?
right here. right in here.
and we all are of one colour.
you dont read so well.
the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
to a facility where the paint isnt peeling off the walls, where youd have your own bathroom.
dolls are for little girls.
i am drive shaft!
where do you get lost?
in a tv soap the groom sends a broker to inquire about the bride.
i was set up!
aladin, i am sorry about your nose.
yeah, just a bit woozy.
whats your deal, man?
i didnt have a whole lot left.
maybe youll change your atitude.
i dont believe this.
doubles 10,000 bucks.
youre his friend.
he insulted president.
bull queers take by force.
help people modernize and expand.
oh my god!
one, two, three, breath...
which brings us to felice.
is this what you were talking about, locke?
you have to leave, or youre gonna die.
what were you, boosting camaros back in riverside when me and gordon decided to let you in?
i didnt even have to search so much for my girlfriend too.
we just rescued him from the pound, and hes still in training.
i like it by myself.  uhhuh.
but its a trumpedup charge. it always is.
why did you guys all fall asleep?
where did they go?
lets try again, please.
well, gee, i didnt have time... to ask that, with frogurt on fire and all.
this is bad too.
this is all there is left.
a fish can breathe out here.
there should be a radio and cell phone at the watchtower.
whos going after him?
so, whats wrong with having highly developed senses?
what do you think happens then? why wed all be drinking!
look, thats...thats not true, and you know what?
beezus, its not funny.
who hit me?
he came to metropolis u to take a finance course, and he was sitting by a fountain all denim and flannel, eating an apple.
all because some guy expressed a modicum of interest in me.
hes just trying to give you something my father never gave me.
someone could have picked us up already
the most beautiful, the most romantic place in the world.
its from my mother.
hes no good to you dead.
i also thought your message to the board was very clever.
i dont like this, either.
i know who you are.
i wanted to stop but they threatened me.
weve maintained it.
im not jealous, im concerned.
tell me why did you call me here so urgently.
please slow down!
since the dumping wasnt done by an actual luthorcorp employee, it did require jumping through some corporate hoops.
im not worried.
are you sure you speak whale?
must be some roadside goon..
thats why the sun never sets on the british empire.
maam, are you okay?
i bet thats frustrating.
who did this? do you know who did this to my son?
hey, man. are we ready?
like when you see her, everything changes.
i wanna try and get us outta here.
smallville was a heavy hitter. it just lost the drive to stay competitive.
i talked moat into letting grace into the village.
have a seat.
i can run!
and my son nemo...
..but im in the mood to take.
he never so much as lifted a finger to try to call her.
why do you people wear pyjamas all day?
come on, lift me higher.
i may have let myself go a little since retirement, but hanging up my sword was the best decision of my life.
they come. they fight.
we have two hours.
its bad, right?
theyve been using me.
ignore it..ignore it..
well, he wont be the only one hunting us in a couple of hours.
now i know why im still alive
what the hells that?
well, thats not all hes been holding out on us.
honey, ill get it.
but im not at liberty to give you that information.
parachuted out of a plane 30 years ago with a million and a half in cash.
behold the superman. man is something to be overcome.
lock him back up.
yeah, well, i was raised riding out storms on wildcat platforms like this.
but i believe im making progress.
mama i am a fairy...
theres a man with a gun up there.
all of his victims were young and beautiful, and who is there more beautiful than you, laura?
is it a mutiny
i was in baja.
how old is he? old.
if you dont bring all the people on the list youll never see walt again.
i think youre afraid of letting go.
issy, youre so tall.
does anyone read them?
who the hell does he think he is?
we all know that... therere others...
did you hear what i said?
dont you do what i taught you?
dont want to scare him because i was on painkillers.
you still want to go in there?
let me speak to her.
frank, people in this country are busy, broke, and they hate to read.
he didnt say that!
its just us two.
yeah, i noticed.
she was just here.
yeah, come on. come on.
did eddie have a good time?
what are you afraid of?
l too said the same.
this is my son.
you brought those lovers together?
im coming for you, mary. im coming down there.
great. thanks for taking my 200.
my nose knows all the smells in the world.
lonnie, would you give him some owners passes, please?
you used that to recruit me into killing for you.
so whend you become so paranoid?
maybe a little too much, em.
an extra bullet per lover right in the head.
bella well, you are today. youll photoshop this if my nose looks big, right?
it seems that you were somehow involved in that too. i find that very interesting.
i perform hundreds of autopsies a year.
tossing cells was just an excuse.
as long as i get that pugnac,
and then he dropped me back in the world like a piece of trash, just like he did on the day that i was born.
charles westmoreland was the proud owner of a 65 chevy nova.
they left this photo frame behind..
hes extremely dangerous.
this song is dedicated to you from hobart. hey, buddy.
i picked the bronzecuckoo.
mary chris, im in the security room at the hospital.
whered you get it?
i wrote you a note.
say goodbye, lex.
..for their presence, on behalf of the king.
how about a joke?
good or bad i came to laal maati to meet men who dont like us to tell them that we mean business
just sweet bloody ignorance.
interesting, you must have some idea about him.
they wont choose one of their own.
the guy that grabbed me had a tattoo on his forearm.
worse. she wants to become lana.
what happened, is the figure okay according to the numerology..
no, reese, you listen..
sir, theres nothing more that i can do, okay?
oh viktor realized youd be too young to remember explicitly but markus knows that the memory and therefore the exact location of williams prison is hidden away in your blood
i have to raise the baby myself.
he also happens to be the leader of our clan.
mr mulder, john truitt, county coroners office.
what if she can?
i thought all these trains had some sort of deadman brake.
yeah, thats nice.
let me in!
whoa! coming through! look out.
bernard, whats going on?
how are we gonna deal with the boat?
you just understood what i said.
its a phony.
just make a wish.
we should put it in the tent, yeah?
i think theyve forgotten us.
why dont you give us another five minutes?
if you go to him, youll die.
l mean hes fine... i mean, considering...
ive already seen you open it, and guess what, you love it.
champagne would be lovely.
and then we attack!
you slap on the other.
get away from here! get as far away from here as you can!
has your princess woken up? oh yes...
john, excuse us.
this man is innocent.
theresa falls down the stairs.
ill send a photo to you now, its okay to me if shes 50 of it.
get me a beer.
because i needed something normal.
squadron leader, abort! abort!
you said you had a dream.
can you sit down and we can read together?
nobody competed with alison.
lex, how come youre not in jail?
now, shed seen me coming, of course.
youre not the only one with a job, you know? i mean, ive got my painting.
just press this and hold to talk.
hey..bridegroom..the bridegroom doesnt want maruti 800 doesnt want anything..wants kammo..only kammo..
im the only reason youre not in a cage right now.
i mean, wouldnt that be cool?
give me the real password. dont mess with me.
yes... its day after tomorrow.
marriage is just...
thats everything i have, 140,000.
somewhere where we can stop being cons and start being civilians.
so sonia when was this brother ofyours born?
now, go back in the house where its safe.
fine, but were living in a melting world buddy!
how about a beer?
really i didnt mean...
what will you do to him?
ill put you each in a room, and ill ask you every little question that a real couple would know about each other.
i need you to tell me why he wanted the bomb.
before leaving the locomotive, he intended to apply the independent brakes.
what are you doing here?
doctors dont know.
we need a sharp man to put a check to him.
if the bullets are dry, the powders dry.
i dont have it. never did.
i dont got the blickey.
i saw this the other day and thought of you.
there is no mercado deal!
the waiter brought him a message, at which point he left.
women are not goanna be in the middle.
are we really going to be able to catch rabbits with this?
stop, dont light it!
but you deserve much better in your life.
how awesome would that be?
were with the national victims rights association.
ill be back by dark, and then im done...
australia was top of my list, so i hopped a flight to melbourne, but i dont know anybody here, so i figured id walk for a while.
you just make friends everywhere you go, dont ya?
where is my daughter, you beast?
how strange that he should choose to leave the fatherland at the very moment it needed him most.
stop and roll back and ill cut the empties.
and anjali is stronger than you.
i am rita singh.
no, but...  maybe we can handle this.
come away from him, nephew.
i couldve taken that tick.
you file a motion for what they call an interlocutory injunction.
oh, and scofield, just a heads up dont make eye contact with him.
..i will keep coming.
that was me.
no, we were at the safe house.
i told myself i would get over it, but i...
because well avenge the death of 4500 pindaris..
when he got out.
we both know that aint gonna happen.
i mean, at some point, we gotta pull the trigger on this thing.
find saito and bring him back!
pleased to see you reading this.
we had an emergency downtown.
jack, these people are lying to us.
we have to go back, kate.
how do you remove them? is there a command? some nonstick spray?
sheriff carver calling deputy lane.
oh... you need to come up with a new name. or the fbi can come up with one for you.
no, that... doesnt make any sense.
i will take nicolas for a ride.
who told you about a necklace?
i dont know how many people are involved in this.
hes not here. look around.
if he doesnt get help in a halfhour, hes in trouble!
enough of it was.
what happened to him?
i cant block it out anymore.
how about giving my babies an encore!
im gonna go talk to her people.
but in the last few days... i have been feeling very restless with his memories.
the whole herds just over that rise. we ought to be hearing something.
the time has come my friend
yeah, i know.
wont you ask her name?
ill stop reading grihashobha and start reading cosmo.
heard what they needed to hear, and this does not concern them.
you b.p.d. need to fuck off.
looks like were even.
will that helicopter fly?
im not finished.
some of them have been extinguished for thousands of years but their light is only reaching us now.
its the same with love, i guess.
he... he wanted me to follow him.
hes been injected with a cloaking serum.
i guess i think youre a he.
open it now.
perhaps it is fate.
remember what i told you. no information.
the marshal kept it in his wallet, in his back pocket.
no, tell me the address again.
my soul will no longer exist in this form.
i smell a coverup.
ok, i know you dont remember me, but were married.
you will listen to every word john locke says, and you will follow his every order.
hes not coming back.
ill never miss, once i fix in mind, ill hit the mark perfectly.
ill pick it up on my way to the airpo.
what did they say?
hey, bad bill, theres something i got to tell you!
so now the charge builds up and every time we push the button, it discharges it.
he would come down here and drink and smoke with his high school friends, and..
i work for machiraju.
docs moving on a storage facility in oswego.
im skilled at mathematics, but these are beyond anything ive ever seen.
im overwhelmed, your grace.
...your mommy and me, we dont live together any more.
well, if i knew how she did it, she wouldnt be able to do it, would she?
whatll we do when that brat gets here?
mr singhania has arrived.
miss you have to come..
hearing response normal.
would you consider margaret a good dancer?
kitt,you need to increase your speed.
rock the world. dance merrily, dear!
okay, james, lets execute him right here, right now, in front of his daughter.
so, please help me.
kitt,crossreference her with me.
you didnt come all this way to talk about cadmus.
im just a middleclass housewife who does the cooking.
i do not think i am ready.
im your attorney.
... i kept picturing your face?
let me jar your memory for you,mike.
nows not the time for chivalry, peter!
i think i can help her.
come on, ive been correcting your comma issues since your first laptop.
ill bring the insurance.
and when he asks how to do that...
well be moving out there soon.
how can you be so sure?
what the hells going on here?
sir thats wat im tellin sir..
you can go now.
just trying to fly low, avoid the radar, boss.
i would also like to thank their families..
and i was too afraid to do anything.
and ill tell you why.
claire wheres my baby?
you wait, ill help him.
who are these girlfriends in hardwar?
i thought you could become friends with them and then...
do you like me?
i just have one of those faces?
the fire lord believes his son is too soft, and by doing this, he will become strong and become a worthy heir to the throne.
move it, already!
you know that.
yes, im fine.
i see, i bank so hard.
i believe you are either repressing your memories
you shoot, i shoot.
get out of here.
why would he do that?
thats what i mean.
if it wasnt for lex, the talon would be a parking garage.
you know, about... throwing you and your friends into the pit.
shrek, its a singalong. youve got to sing along!
okay, you can take it.
we didnt start this, friend. your people attacked us.
did you go to watch don again?  31st time.
how did you even know i was here?
works for project justice.  theyre here.
you know,i can take him for a while.
i said i wanted to leave, that i wanted to join you.
i dont have any idea what that means.
i talk to your neighbors, i interview your coworkers.
you werent exactly supposed to see that.
we can all get it set up.
get the package inside.
i dont answer to either of them.
you got a problem?
yeah, i dont think its the menu.
i promise this wont affect the grand opening.
i mean, i dont know.
ramona quimby? huh.
everything i ever worked for.
you said you needed four.
there is a tsunami heading for the city.
there must have been at least a hundred of em living on this island, manning the stations, building those homes, making all that ranch dressing that you like.
i gave you an experience that i believed was vital to your survival on this island.
good night, little one.
i bought it with my money!
because i love your advice.
lets concentrate on the prize.
where are her parents?
how dare you tease a girl!
now he just sits there.
uh... we dont want to interrupt your date.
no, i have tobring them all back. thatsthats how it works.
do you have any plans to return?
theres an opening in the bottom of the rocks at the far side.
i said no talking.
just coffee, sweetheart. black.
and hope is a very dangerous thing to lose.
he said he was my son.
maybe after all this youll come visit me in new york.
thats why its called a leap of faith, jack.
and when i come back, youre gonna tell me who you ran from.
im sorry, i wanna keep playing.
you are asking me who ashfaque miya is?
do i just have to do everything myself?
let me see what the hell can narsing do.
looking for your pills, jack?
youre early today.  oh, yeah, light load.
tell me what you need from me.
just let me handle it!
in the meantime, i need you to sit right here.
then there will be no problem...
can i help?
hes a big torture.
thats the way.
i want to talk to you all the time.
play nice. sol
youre going to new york! oh, my god!
it seems youre addicted to talking.
you dont need to ask me every time you need to go take a piss. just go.
so, now what?
have you seen this?
and after that i said every possible lie..
a base hit.
the one person that can give us to the fucking feds.
she jumped me.
hey, can i get your number?
god forbid..if he commits something like raju!
couple years ago, my birth mother found me.
ms. nadia, you..
i will always love you, but i will not help you.
then what, eh?
evidently, somebody found him.
ill do us both.
well, i got in last night in time for english department cocktails.
this is not my fault.
eyes, look your last.
im being treated by a special doctor...
she was wearing it when they pulled her from the river.
and what if they are?
lts claires, her diary.
you definitely didnt do that.
sometimes persistence is a good thing.
are the closest of friends
you let me know when youre done with your, uh, leverage.
wont you forgive me?
hurley, im not here to tell you how to act around food.
now lets hear you say, heres one for men.
i too have sentiments.
and i got him.
ill get us our lives back.
now move on to the second thing.
comeon comeon..getup now your dad is askin for pias scooter?
say its like this everywhere, the five of us, were here, were in moscow, and were alive.
actually, we only met at delhi airport.
its on its way.
did you know him?
i cant let you do it.
that plant was smallvilles biggest employer.
whats this for?
i read your article in economic times. i fully agree with your policy suggestions.
if i can kick drugs, i can deliver a baby.
yes, daddy, were on schedule.
come on, lets go.
you know all the answers to these questions about me?
its better that you see it for yourself.
i thought fat guys are suppose to be jolly..
you cant, lex.
mr. bossy. uh, p.
who am i speaking with?
guess you dont have to worry about your dress.
did he say what happened to his doctor?
such things only happens in a film, not in real life!
this is a good day.
its just so lifelike.
i curse you!
jonathan groves was rescued in the rubble.
later, right now i just want to sleep.
you just you need to back off.
one from the u.s., leaving nova scotia.
they all lie to you.
so do you feel that youre making progress?
ill show you... i dont read the newspapers.
ask mr ghajini. hes looking for that guy, hell get the photo for you.
well, i shot a cop.
guru, you told me you love chandrakala.
wrong piece of real estate, fish.
i got no idea where the hell we are.
and she is.
im doing my duty.
why are you crying, priya?
they think if i lose i wont get into a good college. you have other activities. this is my thing.
then that means we we need to get ourselves to the immigration office.
what can i say if she asks how do i know?
ive got every right to be upset.
and you dont know who you are...
all right, fine, i will watch.
1206, i need an answer, over.
i tell you what, security has any other messages, you call me.
boone, what do you see?
you have lived up to your reputation, mr. cobb.
all he could think of was getting to you.
why are you committing suicide?
youre a grown woman.
are you out of your mind?
looks like we made a small mistake.
i wanna get back.
i just met him. his names jack.
because i needed to bury him.
take me with you.
why me between you both?
my name is sunita. i am a medical student.
let me see you get low you scared, you scared
ill see you at practice.
im gonna kick his corporate butt.
say no more.
no, i think once we cross the bridge...
so, indulge me.
are you going back out to hunt?
the monks named me aang.
great! then howd you morsels... like to come to a little gettogether im having?
they are not ordinary ladies, they took everything by cheat from my guru.
hey, you think sayid needs a job?
its a song, like a lullaby.
we never would have met if...
ok, its 7884underscorelreisert.
when i got here, i started looking around.
since i stopped seeing them so much.
right here.  what the hell are you doing?
the union says i get an attorney...
25, this is 64. negative on the medivac.
i think justin believes your father was responsible for the accident.
this was the acknowledgement boom for wish number two.oh, darling.
all right, on three.
keeping it all in one place, foolish.
is how it looks on your applications.
of course it didnt.
because it hasnt happened yet.
actually, you must be thinking what kind of a friend is he..
it wont work.  sure it will.
i took kevin in and hes missing.
and when the thing thats scaring him goes like this...
got a few years left on his bid.
i brought you some supper.
ill arrange your marriage too on the same day.
you know, its funny.
i was 22 when i divorced.
tell me something.
neils is trying to get your attention,
why look at me?
what do you mean i could have the money?
its a full house.
on foot in this terrain, they should be within this perimeter.
this is an emergency!
i mean, who would want to take on such a thing?
easy. you were waving the knife.
how does it matter who he was?
he said it was a stupid idea.
tomorrow i have to recite a poem in class...
precisely. thats the only way it will stick.
he missed count last night.
maybe you do have the makings of a telmarine king after all.
a journalist from the inquisitor wants to do a story on me.
jack, please, you have to come back!
second time in two days.
ill destroy them.
no trace of markus amongst the ashes?
you know what ive done! ?
like she could breathe again.
i only wanted to bring you happiness.
gosh! ive never seen anything like it.
did you find that a bit ironic, miller?
i know firsthand that when the government gets you in their crosshairs, you stand very little chance.
im afraid youll have to find a way to grant it to yourself.
as much as i would like lex out of our lives, i wouldnt wish that on anybody.
raju, turn on the computer..fast!
you climb pipes to woo girls with flowers.
..to say a few words.
and when i saw you on the stage, and even more so, now i stand before you,
um,excuse me.have you seen my son?
why is andrew out there hollowing out that old stupid canoe again?
im sorry sir, but we dont provide motors information to the general public.
iple wipill bpe bapack!
just not the godfather.
he would learn how to preserve scent... so that never again would he lose such sublime beauty.
sure. ill bring the truck around.
well, whats in there?
your stench, however, is revolting.
you couldnt play something good, huh?
it will be done. everything will be done.
and they tried everything they could to flip me.
why should we listen to you?
here this thing has a lifetime guarantee... and it breaks!
i must have seen 50.
if life doesnt make you crazy, then why bother living it?
well, what else did i miss?
one day soon, all this is going to fade into myth, the frontier town, the lawman, the gunslinger.
sam had one more bad habit.
hes got himself a gun.
go away, you jerk!  wait.
ill be fine. i think i can take care of myself...
none of this is real.
you be easy now.
make it come out.
shes a nice person.
aleya, ankush, anjali...
boone mentioned it before he died.
sam wanted to feed the ducks.
look at all those pieces
...but it saw the bear so that it ran away again.
he say anything?
we were gonna barricade ourselves in and call for help.
they wont let me in your building.
no, i cant.  i need your help.
how did we get here?
just a few hours ago, it was the scene of high tension as gunfire rang...
randolph gage, rita garfield...
you never hear him coming.
how was that?
im gonna try to shoot the rope.
you got caught!
it was staring at me.
what the sam hills going on up there?
goodbye, mr. knight.
james, look at yourself.
old life blown away in the blink of an eye.
arent we all?
theres lot to tell.
how do you know hibbs?
tony, this is my friend prem.
so if you thought you were just gonna...
go. see what you can find out.
turn the fence off.
thanks to big shots like you
its that lady with the kids, from the racetrack.
some elder person ofyour family must be sending it to you.
were not gonna carry any unnecessary weight.
you print the inside of the van?
come on now...
to get back ones youth, one merely has to repeat ones follies.
i didnt, come on.
i really dont feel like having a blowout tonight.
are you listening to what i am saying?
somebody left a note in my locker.
but if i said what i really wanted to say right now, thats what id do.
p.s. tell heywood im sorry i put a knife to his throat.
what happens if i cant get them all to come back?
the tree of voices.
juliet, i just wanna make it safe.
youre not supposed to be running!
its been 40 days.
im not lying.
well, um... the night before we graduated school, he proposed and said he wanted to elope and run away to new york with me.
get your ass out of there, luke.
friends share secrets.
if you could just take a look...
stick to your task.
anyway, i drive to this guys house... and tell him we need to talk.
a body from the boat washed up on the beach.
mum says this is no place for children, which is just stupid.
how many times do i told you not to cram the blossoms in... like youre stuffing a chicken?
can you help me find david?
and if a plane landed on the island, radzinsky will know. engine starts
hugo, james, you mind if i spoke to jack alone?
david youve had so little of that.
i know that you think being different is bad... but its not.
and its quite the journey.
ive only loved two women in my life.
killed them jenkins brothers.
gather your things.
i hate to think that you failed to get the job done.
boost and redirect your parabolic mics.
stop it anjali!
well have helicopters in the area to evacuate you out.
whoa,kitt! way too personal.
but pay close attention
is gross. like... and why are there that many zombie movies anyway?
yeah, youre all right.
big guy tripped.
getting on that sub is starting to sound like a great idea.
what do you want to do?
have you two known each other a long time or...?
i cant think of a better person to do it than the only one i trust.
exact change preferred.
it wasnt meant for them.
youre kidding me, right?
then, tell your men to get hot coffees.
sir, im sorry.
im sorry for any delay, but were a little short tonight.
better than i thought.
yeah. when i built the cradle.
thus, 2000 years passed by.
what else have you...
all ofus are going for it.
were not the last ones anymore!
he said he wouldnt tell the others.
and then you will cross all the hurdles... all your problems will vanish...
im gonna do some checking with the police.
yes, i am... go on.
and jeanbaptiste, by official order... to the orphange of madame gaillard.
youd better hurry.
how many times do i have to tell you, john?
what did your wife say?
i want every vehicle possible thats got 4 wheels and armor. get everything.
its between me and him.
now lucy, i know its our first date and you need to appear demure, but if you want to invite me for sex, dont say tea, say sex.
im fine, sheriff.
i turn to your teacher and ask her to organize a performance... which im sure will combine culture and pedagogy.
and, uh, after nam, i got into cropdusting.
no free taxi!
all you have to do is go nail this interview today.
come, dont worry.
he cares for you.
okay, i lost you won.
i think so.
well, im kind of feeling better now.
oh, please come in.
i could kill you in a heartbeat.
this fits a profile?
i like that. no touching.
why is she feeling shy seeing me?
well, i guess i cant call you that, i mean, because look how big you are.
the credit card stuff.
his mouth put that hole in your gut?
because its boring.
well do our best.
and the next thing i know they shut it all down, and i was transferred to metropolis.
look mum, over there.
that was my house over there.
my son has returned!
lll take you in my arms and give you the world.
fianc would be a good place to start.
how do you plan to do that?
at least trust your love lf you dont trust me.
ice it for 45 minutes then splint it.
do you hear that?
nikki, dont ever praise me in front of dad.
im sorry. im really sorry.
it wasnt because you drove my father away.
if we gather electronic equipment, your cell phones, laptops,
its called a rock blanket. its for shaping and polishing rocks.
i was glad.
miami, my friend, is not cuba.
you told thomas about last night?
troy, give it back!
yeah, hes out.
regular life, i mean?
put your back into it.
anyway, theres two different types of them out there.
sarah is a beautiful girl.
house is very good, new one?
what did you do?
i can barely stand living with you.
madam, forgive me but you are exquisite.
one of them isnt in the manifest.
you didnt like the old me, kate.
he will come rohan.
..but i know the language that they speak, very well.
its all right. well be okay.
the plan is we wait to...
they know everything.
did anybody else see the driver?
he was trying to hurt my baby.
its all your fault, jenny.
oh, so you live in london?
its like theyre staring abck at you
what should i say?
corporal grayston and corporal lmlay are both expert marksmen as well as strong fire team leaders.
oh! there it is! exhibit a!
look. believe me now?
if we laughed, your whole world laughed with us.
this man filed a motion yesterday.
hold the wound.
its a universal invariance!
the only way off this... this place is with their help.
its actually getting down which is gonna be the interesting part.
sorry?  you asked what i remembered.
he found the camp...
and what about us?
they could be right behind us.  yeah, or they came and left.
ill behead the king and each of his british friends.
its the wall around our temple.
you are lying!
claire who are you?
just slow down and talk to me.
i feel estranged from them somehow.
hey!  give us something, franco.
this drink is free. im joking.
i was giving you points.
i miss ali.
iron... glass... copper...
that made him an enemy.
if theres anything i can do...
what about you?
my ammi also said, rizvan..
no matter what i say about what happened, about what i supposedly did im going to jail.
i have their yesterday...
uh... im a canadian. yes, canadian.
i didnt mean to do what i did.  shh.
its against nascar regulations.
i guess they changed their plan after two of em got killed.
theres a few things you still dont know about me.
he can do anything for your happiness.
you know what? thats fucking bullshit, rocco.
maybe i should adopt that philosophy myself.
madam, its me.
can you and libby meet me at the tree line in five minutes?
come on, papi. give it to me hard. yeah.
yeah, well, were gonna go with door number two.
this... this island.
im taking fire, lets go!
how much does the fire nation control?
if anything ever happened to you
would it make any sense if i told you
the way he faced his...fear!
and you will always need me, lex.
supposed to do what?
lana, can i have a minute alone with clark?
weve all lost comrades.
how long have you known about this?
there is nothing to say.
anybody else getting hurt, especially iris and you.
..the pain in my chest vanished.
if you want markus, you will need alexanders help
dont sweat it.
im not in charge.
and he was scared. like a little tiny bird.
so far, im unimpressed.
its me home.
on a nod from you, our company will be transported to such heights!
..and ill love you forever.
because doing it is both dangerous and unpredictable.
tell him i dont want anything.
well, i would say welcome to the neighborhood, but...
he attacked headon.
i was fucking other men.
i was such a junkie,
beekeepers all over the state have found their hives empty.
you got it...?
do my time... and get out.
we got bored. what is this place?
and i know everything. a.
you been out here by yourself all this time?
get the lead blankets out of radiation...
he was my husband.
but perhaps my real mistake was falling for the wrong sister.
so... what now?
thats just life.
believe me, im gettin tired of this too, jim.
he doesnt even speak english.
it was up there.
would you excuse me for a moment?
i meant my husbands out of the picture.
where did you say your ship was going?
then why are you so surprised to see me?
look, this is a pyscho with her, okay?
a thousand years... bad juju for killing fire king!
i wouldnt know...
sean, just leave it.
three tours in nigeria, not a scratch.
daddy! help me!
she used to make us take off our shoes.
you dont find a network anywhere.
i dont rightly have no other choice, beans.
no. fairy tale.
you hear a noise, youre goanna go down there and check on it?
we had made other promises to each other too, aman...
they took me as a hostage.
damn i stand with a gun in my hand
you cant you cant do this.
with that, the case was closed.
whats going on man?
two beaches away. maybe hell find a mrs tree frog.
jess, this is my chance.
do you know what i did?
after a few decades, everyone you know will be dead.
jack, this is not...
we got a mortgage.
why are you doing this, honey?
whatever it is, its worth it.
i think something happened to her.
suns barely up and geralds had more than he can handle.
that was a great lap, luke, but now you need to get to a sword plate, and fast.
hell think this is your house.
i dont know what, but it paralyzed her.
right now this is our priority.
some people would love the opportunity to start again.
you little whore!
mr. lafleur, sorry to bother you, but weve got a situation out at the pylons.
but yes, he said that he lives in vasant kunj.
the situation was delicate for a couple of days..
sol you know, john, you should go easy.
do we have any gin?
i would love to paint a place.
well, if im such a child, why did you ask me here?
shes gonna hold her breath until she gets a new one.
i say ive heard nothing but blabber.
ramona, they dont want just anybody.
im ashamed of you! snickering student  laughing oh, man!
things were a lot less complicated.
hes lucky clark was there.
well, i heard that he killed him.
found the van.
ls he dead? ls he dead?  hes dead!
then pick up the pace.  hick.
well, now, let me see.
i know you got a soft spot for the guy because hes got brains in his head, and hes helping you with that contraption in there, but the guys a violent criminal.
its really pretty.
how sweet my son looks!
i think one of us should stay and help charlie salvage the wreckage.
she told me to run.
oh, sure. julys right around the corner.
look, i cant!
this is how it starts.
what happened, aladin?
im gonna do so much fucking cocaine.
well, if he aint, hes gonna be. thats dead mans curve up ahead.
im not stopping. yall have a nice cookout.
i need you alive
its two holes for now, 3 par, and no waiting.
ive already prepped our substation in brewster.
i have reached three days before him..
today immerse in me in such a way.
i dont care!  bella. bella!
you like action movies?
anchovy licorice sauce.
clark i wont subsidize a moneylosing operation.
can i have an hour?
some rendezvous. its just us.
no man, this is such bullshit!
come on, you have to swim down!
i told him.
i became don of palasa by beating up black marketers there.
it was detective west.
he looks different.
you got a death wish?
whats her name?
then i remembered seeing you with that prick piano player...
and when was that?
what i wanted to say was i would never do anything to hurt you.
if i close the main valve the inlet will be locked.
oh, please, help!
so do you want to take a leap of faith or become an old man, filled with regret waiting to die alone?
but all those people back on the island, jin included, need our help.
we checked 22.
take off in one direction, double back in his own footprints.
did you call me urgently to tell this?
insurance, white boy.
just like in chaipiyoji.
i cant stand this any more, ralf.
directives come down all the time that some arent cleared for.
we need to work out a system so that i do what you want in a way that doesnt look like im being controlled by a tiny rat chef.
it still listens to your heart...
we made promise.
nothing is gonna stand between me and my legacy!
it was my first kiss.
i thanked god for allowing me to wash my hands of... of toledo... all of it.
click on the crisis folder, youll see a list of empty rooms, give em fourthfloor, comp em for tonight and tomorrow.
yes, you did.
i guess he must not have looked straight enough.
afterwards, they generally wallow in the dirt and rub up against the trees, scoring it with their tusks.
god please protect my son.
how are you doing today, sir?
he calls me.
i cant accept this!
thought a change of scenery would be nice.
you started in the morning. our son will hear you.
never trust a con, huh?
go to the laundry room.
dont make me beg
let go of me
were gonna make this tank so filthy... the dentist will have to clean it.
but i suppose exceptions can be made.
the good old days.
the transponrs will send the locations back to the ship, and then the ship will send all the locations back into the phones.
you have a rash?
you were distracting me in front of the press.
hes burning up.
its a setup.
ill see what i can find.
so lets do this thing!
im not gay.
how long since you played?
yes, from the town of barroco...
that means the girls nice.
a lot of people died, ma.
take my hand. see how afraid i am.
i lived the life that you preached but never dared practise.
cole youre kidding me, right?
its down there.
doesnt ring a bell.
oh, stop, please, both of you! go get dressed for school.
demons and scoundrels
its a little cold tonight.
you let him go alone?
lm sorry its not helping.
winner by a knockout. nice one, doc.
what can i do for you, jack?
wheres the driver of the s.u.v.?
father, watch my move now.
ill stay with him.
i help you, im in. you know that, dont you?
he and eloise are...
he looked right at it when i mentioned secrets.
here you dont get the chance to rectify your mistakes.
do you people have any access to lead or concrete?
does she have to know everything.
whoa. easy now. all right.
so i dug a hole and i threw him in it.
yeah, but theyll find us.
can you make it stop?
well, wait till they see this.
who is that boy?
you do rememberme.
lets get moving.
i put sayid and desmond on that chopper. it was my call.
its my job to ask question, not yours.
so by changing keefes room, does that make it easier?
no. absolutely not.
can i get a lager?
last nights count.
he fucking hit my drivers man.
todays the first.
for now shes toothless and bald.
well, you know the rules, man... women and children first.
i was slightly delayed.
its not working!
i love you. ill call you.
whats there with my brotherinlaw to forget it?
you know, if you hadnt come that day?
how much time do we have before someone realizes hes gone?
good thing im a janitor then.
no, no, im never comin back
look what i found in the middle of the jungle.
phew! if i dont see you on the other side,
what desmond said happened down in that station not pennys boat...
shes working in a place called silicon valley.
so youre a waitress for real?
guess im not too sure about them, either.
what do you think?
lets not use real names.
..on the first page of the book similar like this.
this is my son.
i mean, hes not the president.
i dont even know what we re arguing about here.
let my closeness continue, im seeing myself without anyone observing it, im seeing you without my knowledge,
im just trying to insure it.
no oyster here.
where is my fiancn?
i need another mocha.
i have my own. drop it.
she comes with a lot of baggage.
please say yes...?
dont be scared.
all right, anyone else?
one of my first assignments on pi, we were up here, cleaning out toxic mold.
huh. darn kids.
i guess i will pop for you to fly first class.
it never happened.
did you get the travellers checks?
hey, hey, hey!
you two, you take your packs off, you put em down and you run.
james, i stand correct.
well, you asked whats up.
lana, can i interest you in a latte?
great. bring it on.
i dont want to be a remember him?
your friend tylers been busy.
you were about to swim into open water.
its about the baby.
nobody would believe her if she talked, anyway.
yeah, consider it done.
aunt bea, can i ask you something?
take the cash.
neil, we are trying to focus on what we can control.
you should read my file.
i hope youll find everything to your liking, sir.
they tried to kill you?
all right, what happened, guys?
hey, kid, where are you going?
sure, your abilities were a part of you, but they didnt define you.
ill go find something to eat.
ill furlough five of my worst sodomites for a play date with sweet katrina.
the source, the first true vampire
the funny thing is on the outside, i was an honest man, straight as an arrow.
were locked up, fish, and your boy is in solitary.
daddy! hes gonna be okay.
siva, go fast.
hes got a couple of cuts and bruises, but nothing serious.
weve gotta make a decision now.
the switch stand, yeah?
but you said that you wanted me to have every human experience.
so, youre the one who wants some c4?
ill get natalie.
the stated goal of the soviets is global communism,
theyre coming, god damn it.
there are rocks everywhere.
well be back in a couple of hours.
its all my fault.
and a successful one. weve managed to draw a crowd.
libby now were away from all the noises of the camp.
ln the world theres no shortage of friends
i will take 11 mice through with no delay.
research and development department. wait a minute,kitt. what are you saying?
im with her jake.
shes awesome.  thank you.
that was messed up.
good! i dont have to listen to your nagging then
youre my responsibility.
think dirty thoughts.
lets see if you can tell me.
where were we?
the cops are right outside.
you have an unstable device thats capable of destroying this entire island, and its broken.
... but hes got a truckload of heart.
such a shame.
we got caught in a net.
but i dont believe he meant to harm boone.
if you do not stop following me,
call the police!
i dont see any bruises.
g, call it off!
becky, have a guard escort johnson back to his cell.
you a pretty decent judge of size?
she said it was headed right towards you.
i m sorry i woke you up, but i thought you were having a nightmare.
you keep your wife and childs photo in the wallet!
i didnt kill that man, michael.
i heard everything, entire community has heard it.
jack, sawyer, locke.
a murder enquiry can become big trouble.
i made coffee through panama, while everyone else got to fight...
you turn it gradually. nothing sharp, okay?
hey, lana, you busy?
1978 i born at 5.15am n at 5.16am my dad told
this is as far as i go.
and now she walks, yes?
over night means that the night is over.
john was dead. just because he was in a coffin doesnt mean that he couldnt have faked his dea
other others? dont look at me.
were moving on.
are you sure youve thought through the ramifications?
..and celebrate the last night of my independence.
dude, give up the rock!
he did indeed.
im letting you off the hook.
and youre proud of him?
i could be anyone.
because, im a mammoth!
that would be great. you sure you have enough time?
the one who should, he..
ok? i saw ethan.
are you ever gonna run this by me?
you said you felt the effects of the meteor rocks.
its gonna be okay.
you really make me feel like im some sort of villain trying to steal your virtue or something.
that was a little girl! dont you have a heart?
there was a man at her procession.
hurley.  hey, did sayid get to you?
but if i choose it, it has nothing to do with you.
her mother walked out on us.
but from now on, be careful.
i trust you all survived the weekend with most of your limbs intact.
its not a sin to cheat them. ill take care of it.
i know the feeling. so when can you start drawing your cartoon again?
go to city centre and bring money from seth.
look, no guard is around. hurry up!
ive heard the chatter about this private initiative.
i got three weeks.
only one made it out.
the clerk said he had a bruise on his face.
i know, i know. and it is the worst mistake i ever made.
what did you expect him to do?
i need these things.
sure. yeah. everythings fine.
where did john go?
where did i think papa?
these woods are like the bermuda triangle of smallville.
go, call her.
an unidentified man has been arrested in connection with the recent ritual murder of a local high school honor student the suspect is hospitalized in critical condition with severe, selfinflicted acid burns over his face and torso making it impossible so far for authorities to determine his identity...
im sorry. juliet?
now youre armed and im not.
what do you think caused the explosion?
then were one step closer to getting off this island.
youll never see eye to eye.
then ill find it.
i cant believe each one of these bruises was a bullet.
how you doing, boy?
youre kelsos grandson.
beers are 50 cents.
but why would anyone dump water in the blooming desert?
i dont need protecting.
not so... all of a sudden.
he aint afraid of none of you.
nod your head if you believe me.
it took us years.
thought he was happy as he could be.
did you guys use a lawyer, or did you go through an agen?
hear you helped a couple of fellas with that.
i have respect for beer.
youre not kidding?
do you think its theirs?
dont waste your time.
this sound woke me up.
theyre gonna lock us in that van, and then drive it into the river.
hey, bill, you made it.
yes, im his...
he doesnt deserve you.
im a big guy. i get dehydrated easy.
youre gonna do it because we have a long walk ahead of us.
miles? you two know each other?
only one problem.
those that dont play certainly enjoy watching.
what did you see?
what are you doing here
we dont need a fire for them to find us.
we ran to live, but now well die.
your comfort comes second to my ability to hear my own voice.
i know, i know.
i desperately need to go to the bathroom.
i dont know.  what do you know?
he said he was changing your house into some sort of safari ranch?
locke lt was my fault.
you mean, what am i doing here without whitney?
when they do, just smile, step up, take your jumpsuits and work assignments.
even im a capricorn.
thats the spirit.
theyre in there because theyre evil.
for sleep stable enough to create three layers of dreaming well have to combine it with an extremely powerful sedative.
i need plates.
you know hes gonna commit that bomber staight to the tree of souls.
they quote high rate while purchasing, they offer low rates when we sell.
step through, ladies!
were beyond compromise.
my... my father is dead.
ladies and gentlemen, please return to your seats and fasten your seat belts.
just the way i showed you.
ahaana, youve started spying these days.
just a small bullet is enough to kill you.
charlie are you bloody joking?
its all i ever wanted.
i guess youre lucky you have a new skill set you can use.
scream all you want.
what, you hate the idea? no.
i know! thats why i always tell you to reform.
but your father
im trying to reach lex.
i got a phone call from mr. gilbertson here, who told me that if you were lying, and he strongly believes that you are, he would send you to prison.
theres gonna be a lot of frightened people out there.
l dont know. ive never had the pleasure.
that is not my gun, and i have no idea how it got in my truck.
not you at all.
i owe you a beer.
sir..sir..we get such shirts n sherwanis everyday in our laundry sir!
uncle tommy and three amigos.
it was jet black and huge.
he has an address in metropolis and does not work for the c.e.p.
wheres your dad...?
youre gonna do something for me.
when i found out ben was gone,and juliet told me what you were up to,
climb in the cab and take a look around.
this is insane.you guys are crazy.
more than your drug?
you want to lift your shirt up?
diego, there are whole continents moving faster than you... lets go!
you need to back up.
why else would we have so many colors?
run for the hangar. weve gotta find another way out.
stop! stop it!
give me that.
but im shot, colonel.
dont hold back.  not in my nature.
can you do that? can you?
it was like a tidal wave coming at me.
after you make the call.
she likes you.
but the best thing i ever did was give him a second chance.
kill them, drop me in bunder, you too can see bunder.
shutting it down is gonna have a domino effect.
air is filled with her fragrance,
leave me, many women are dependent on me.
we have to bring paul back with us.
the whole time, i knew it.
ill find it.
his leg was pinned under something heavy.
i love henry!
when you see everyone around you being normal, you get jealous.
we have lost each other in this big house.
how do you know my name?
what do you think?
she was a lot like you. tough.
no, no, no, no, i need to see you now.
you went. all right, this this is gonna hurt.
did you get my letter?
ill take you to his house.
hey, hoot, why do you do it, man?
hey, thats not fair!
exciting isnt the word id choose to describe it!
l could not give you the kind of love that rightfully deserved.
laughing   what the fuck did you do that for?
just because two people love each other, doesnt always mean theyre supposed to be together.
your father said that the british..
because theres a lot of blood, man!
your ass belongs to me.
would you be kind enough to join my brother on stage?
its fine. all right.
why dont you go home, and ill call you if something happens?
tell kate to wait until the contractions are 60 seconds apart.
you need to calm down, john.
at this point, there are many more questions than answers.
should we just accept what happened to zahraa?
we keep moving.
without the knowledge of mind and age some thoughts are trapping me,
no, i dont think so.
itll stop if i can bring them back.
lots of money.
youve got no idea who youre talking to.
what do you want?
like i was saying, my son..
which cups should i take?
theres someone in there.
my mom lets me pick out my own clothes.
lets try again.
it wont help you.
i said, okay.
excuse me, whos kalpana?
you never asked me.
sex is the last thing on my mind when i m with a patient.
i dont make mixups, and my computer is giving me the correct information.
why are you saying like this?
he never touched me.
dont worry, uncle.
see, if youve eyes to see...
el toro has been completely destroyed.
sayid can fix a computer.
how long? at least a couple of hours.
if supplies were taken used weapons were left behind they couldnt have gone very far
hey, uncle shrek!
i believe we make our own destiny.
and i couldnt skate backwards.
let go of me.
schizophrenic break from reality, right?
he may come for big money.
what happened to everybody?
you gonna talk to this fucking asshole?
hes not eating. save yourself the trouble, kid.
but now youre gonna pay.
we will work together...
the fuck you looking at?
its as plain as day.
well, thats, uh, not such a surprise.
thought you wanted to meet somewhere private.
..and veers wife.
thats why the red sox will never win the series.
mother, which beggar is singing?
your photo will be published in newspaper.
so unless you want to go to war,youre gonna take us to richard alpert, and youre gonna do it now.
you all live long, dull, uninteresting lives.
take care of your leg.
the nurses would take your baby.
spencer so she could have it out with toby.
she got through... with a little help.
..because i wanted to mock you.
bloody creep! this is my last phone call.
maybe you ought to cut the kid a break.
am i smart now?
come on, man, vincent needs you here.
sure i am.
its imperative that we move them out of the hostile area and into the safe zone.
mr. kent, its good to see you.
he made our bed.
i got away from your path.
what will you tell keamy if he notices the zodiac is missing? ill tell him you stole it.
i see the appeal.
if youre dead and in the market for something to haunt.
come on. you got the box full of medals, a file full of commendations.
he can do that?
ben, what did you do?
you know, together like you guys were.
his opponent, leader of the terminal island triads, he currently ranks second on the kill board, he was interpols third most wanted until his arrest in los angeles last year,
im gonna go find a maintenance worker.
its got me worried too.
did you find one?
but nobody can really be trained to watch someone die.
the convoy is going to come.
that doesnt mean hes not important.
that should do it.
i dont know who you are, nick.
its the rules. show a girl a camera and she will perform.
it seems chandu is eager to marry after pub visit.
isnt it good to have gusteaus name getting headlines?
no, hes not.
i am trying to be fine.
so that was your idea of the perfect time
thats all right, melanie.
you told him, didnt you?
i will cut this. nno.
so just... just go away.
ill fulfil all your wishes, all your dreams and your hopes too.
what now? what is that? what is that?
unfortunately, you cannot play the frog..
other diners are already asking about it, about linguini.
i got it from susie in the office.
im seeing whatever youre showing me?
grace id like you to meet norm spellman and jake sully.
i got it, yeah. i got it.
am i that transparent?  yes.
ill think of something.
i think we can work something out.
you know, you got a pretty nice view here.
my kid found these in the jungle.
maybe another time.
ive a plan for that.
i must know who did that.
sameer, i said go away.
hows the withdrawal treating you?
what you want from me, man?
it was hard enough changing my status on facebook!
thats illegal in seven states!
are you sure you cant use an extra hand?
i was buying nail polish.
did you see the paper today?
there is a saying.. not every glittering thing is gold.
... andyoure feelingher fuckingtits .
what did we do?
okay, so this is the complete list of the injured and the dead?
well, theres another group at the temple, but
but still the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that theyre gone.
call it a way to get to know each other better.
what was in the case?
wat..wat will u do?
could you help me with my lit paper?
a new race, created in the image of their maker
weve got innocent kids in there.
it cost 2,000 new. its only been worn once.
can i get a hug, please?
was it worth two weeks?
there a way i can get to him?
i love listening to you, frank.
what if were last creatures left alive?
you want to hold my hands.
hopefully, the truth we want fischer to learn.
thats a nobrainer.
why cant you?
do you know where he is?
youve even lived.
lets go have a drink or ten and be pathetic together. what do you say?
joe will be fine, i promise.
im not telling you anything,and you aint going anywhere unless you wanna share with us what the hell it is youre dng.
you see this little hole?
its a truck.
and i have to do it alone.
maybe your relationship isnt what you thought it was.
any minute the sky could light up.
oh, come here.
they got bigger fish to fry now, believe you me!
thirty days? what am i supposed to do for 30 days?
shes the most arrogant and proud girl.
now, those savages are threatening our whole operation.
big and blue?
i dont have it.
i gotta call work.
id have shown him the back of my hand a long time ago.
now, i have a fellow on the inside there.
i will never harm the owner of the lamp..
shes headed west across the island. rousseau already found it. were going after her right now.
whatre you doing?
im just familiarizing myself with, you know, the vegetables and such.
hows the switchover to the internet?
hey, dude, this yours?
what did i tell you about talking?
i cant take your boat, miss.
no, we wont.
only one that can do it is the one with that gun.
back off, i know him.
like, i dont know, the moneys cursed or something.
puppys nails. lt must be 19 or 21.
but that was many years later
all youve done is lie to these good people.
my shoulders dislocated.
im sure she got outta here before it happened.
im here to protect my investment.
that went well.
dont lose him.
pick it up, mr. rango. your destiny awaits.
denis, please check the tv.
it must have been something i ate.
that way, the boat can never get to this island, and your friends will be safe.
hi, prada, my love.
will he suffer?
about a year ago.
what did they do to you,mike?
got a leticia barres on the line.
dont psych yourself out, ramona.
may 30, 1956, two years from now, thats the day im born.
these objects are falling into the ocean in tightly packed clusters 10 miles outside of a major population centre.
theres very little in between.
somebody trips a wire, and the whole place blows up.
ive another suggestion.
do this now.
she just knocked me unconscious.
im looking for shannon.
its over, watts.
whats his problem?
im gonna get you.
i love you.
what the hell is it?
which means we cant be here. and therefore, dude?
but shes so unfortunate.
kansas state gives whitney a full scholarship and lana gives him a tongue bath.
why do people keep telling me that?
though your brain is empty..
lll tell sandy the truth.
youre coming at me with a job right now?
my boy is allinone.
will you please keep quiet?
yes, our new swan queen.
what confusion is this?
you dont have to have killed him.
for years there has been a face in my dreams
the same way were gonna bust in.
thats what happened.
this is bobby ahuja, pbc news.
i understood it after long suspense.
you know something? i never really understood that family.
i just wanted to let you know.
past tense for you, maybe.
because what your father is looking for is not a surgical procedure.
looks like we got a blowout.
i thought you would want to spend some time with the kids...
oh, i dont care if your foil is signed by the attorney general,
tell me, what would you do with 500 francs?
he just grabbed the dog and took off.
let me go.
if you say so, dad will gain in election.
they taken everything we got!
there you go, come on.
okay, somebody kill me now.
..nor can she testify in the court, its not possible.
he works in emerging markets.
for our friendship, im asking you to stay out of this.
weve come too far. dont blow it now.
ive been trying to call you all night.
what do you want for breakfast?
i talked to her for over an hour.
shes not supposed to be here till 400.
how do you know that?
you always said you liked it.
i was never checked out on this system.
all you got to do is... take this pocket right here, and your lifell be all peaches and cream.
mr. luthor may i see your drivers license, please?
the more you change things, the quicker the projections start to converge on you.
ill go with you.
i know youre behind the attacks.
your coming soninlaw..idiotic virus..and marriage attenders!
shall we then?
ill take him to task.
i think you need to find a better hotel.
now, i dont know, if shed have wanted it any different, she might have written another postit.
got some papaya there? yeah.
so im gonna turn to you first.
that is not the point.
hows the studying going?
but who will walk on the bed of fire for it? come on.
thank god for firework smugglers. when im in position,
i dont want to...
i must have missed something.
we had an agreement, john.
it hit me at 60 mph.
i think im capable of making my own choices.
ill meet you downstairs in the bar in, say, uh, half an hour?
hurley, dont move!
look, im just, im sorry.
youll be back to him soon enough.
dont give him any money.
because hes a briton.
well, dr. harford...
man, i dont know how i let you talk me into this.
well, im sure youre fine, then.
everyone in the city is dead.
does that thing really fly in outer space?
do you see the assailant?
can i go?
veer, this is a royal party.
wont you believe me? if youve doubt ask your sister.
you dont want me?
how is my area?
i gotta get back in shape real fast.
so, these two little fish have been... searching the ocean for days on the east australian current.
are you in contact with the people who made it?
i earned five minutes with him.
those in mogadishu frequent flyer program will earn 100 free credits.
shes fine. just put down...
you dont get it, do you?
do i need more?
when will i find my lifepartner?
that building in front sir..
plans a little flawed, but nobodys perfect.
i am just trying to do something.
yeah, me, too.
sire, our military advantage alone provides the perfect excuse to avoid
what do you have against rickman?
but he doesnt reform.
i have diverted 60 of my power to cooling, but i am afraid it is not as effective as i had hoped.
and our mind does this so well that we dont even know its happening.
im serious, chloe.
i hope to see my friend and shake his hand.
yeah, i got you, baby.
im signing you up for the scared straight program at fox river.
i saw you on the monitor.
... is gonna require serious excavation.
you wanna keep moving?
good luck, fellas.
you think the police is incompetent?
and of course, the most important item
you still dont trust me.
im old enough to make decisions.
no you are a wicked witch!
you think the blast caused them?
leave that on me. thats my work.
wouldnt want our pilot out of commission before takeoff.
youre nothing but a freaking postie.
the eldest son ofthe house.
im in a band.
i dont know!
you go through life with a gift you have to keep a secret.
dont be formal...
that others had motive to murder your husband.
its okay, you can say it, im not gonna break.
is that not clear to you?
you need help.
i mean, come the f... cut it out.
..will realise how the british enslaved them with deceit.
im gonna need a pi card, arent i?
but im very, very happy to see you.
good night, spencer.
i seriously doubt that.
thats not a good idea.
i went there that night to clear a debt.
so dont look.
jack, sun, sayid, hugo, kate.
its okay. thanks again for last night.
go, all yours.
thank you, sarah. jack has also prepared his vows.
that was a joke, john.
please, please, just tell me your name.
mr. malkin, we met before?
this isnt you.
i need you to investigate...
when you work here as long as i have, you get to know the type.
see you in a few days.
already become relatives.
if you cant outnumber em, youre better off alone.
its the guards break room.
theres no point in finding her now, son.
michael youll die
and then youll really be screwed, wont you?
now, if youll excuse me, i have a pressing matter to attend to.
did he know that i loved him?
we stay here and hole up... for good.
she hung out in the lobby and spent the entire night talking to my dad.
what do you suppose all thats about?
wouldnt that be something?
i guess it makes sense she didnt tell you.
narrating tales to me about going on the way.
what kind of a person do i think you are?
... isthattheonlyreasonyou wouldnt fuck those models...
youve gotta be kidding me. feed me, if you dare.
we dont have anyone on staff by that name,
viruss letters fell down in our homes like an atom bomb there was mourning in hiroshima n nagasaki!
you never forget how, do you?
they know where l can find her.
theres a submarine that leaves in the morning.
and the fbis most wanted.
im the one that burned the raft.
just about finished, sir.
i have to assume shes gonna read that.
ok. ok, one more.
thats why the kids come to the forest. it controls them. lt summons them.
you wanna take a break?
you might want to get that taken care of.
even dons need proofs.
when germs attack our body there are special soldiers in our body...
ill share it with you.
come on. what was his name?
my brain is falling out.
i asked because we have a proverb that says
sir, phone for you.
its nothing to worry about.
yeah, cisco, i got it.
you ever wonder why a nice, polite electronics company needs strongarm boys?
no, i would like to see them complete of course its to see a crash.
the hell were they up to?
naunihal, lets see what veer has to say.
and make sure the fence is at maximum.
well, i am honored to get you two nights in a row.
what do i think we should do?
no, i whooped a thief because he was going through my stuff...
this is very important. you have to get the little girl a new unicorn toy. hey, hey, hey!
i didnt know... i hadnt talked to her in awhile...
sometimes it makes me sad, though andy being gone.
no, im just glad youre okay.
were going to take it out, but first i want you to relax.
so once we dock wherever we dock...
it took a considerable amount of mr widmores resources to procure it.
is there nothing you can do?
im really sorry, mom.
well, you know, the whole fugitive thing.
this is batuk patel farsan brand of snacks.
as you can imagine, this has been an extraordinarily trying experience.
if your luck hasnt run out.
you a professor?
we didnt come back alone.
hey, im no saint, either.
they dont teach greek in school anymore?
they always wore red shirts, and they always got killed.
i know you think youre doing her a favour, but however she talked you into doing this, she lied, brother.
did you switch transponder channels?
well, it was the only way i could get you two to shut up and get us to the airport!
do not go back to the island!  we might not have a choice, doc.
and look savage like us lll cut off yourtails.
some college kids went missing.
i know, its gonna be okay.
..leaving old parents alone at home.
so at least be woman enough to tell me you wanna use me for somethin.
star 41 is at the crash site to evacuate the injured. over.
he was wild.
im howies favorite uncle.
its jim and juliet.
wanna hear something crazy?
i came to tell you and got trapped here.
the city isnt blinking light
everything has to be perfect.
hes got his fingers in a lot of pies, from what i hear.
and then its gonna be, what about us? why didnt i get any potato chips?
but hell have fierce competition from several new drivers, including frankenstein.
i dont make the same mistake twice.
clark, what are you doing here so late?
one day youll thank me. smallville isnt in your future.
its this way, i think.
this must be my reward for good behavior, huh?
because ive to return her the original.
brotherinlaw, you called me from calcutta but youre silent.
its not like youre a real ogre.
i saw the news.you got to stop. i need you to turn yourself in.
im not buying your bullshit, soldier boy.
you wouldnt even let me stay at your apartment.
i have a confession to make.
then he goes totally nuts.
this may be our last hope.
get those civilians, get the hell out of there and you kill anything that is not human.
youre not real.
youre a strange man, michael.
i have to trust my body to know what to do.
yeah.  im fine.
you just dont understand.
captain steele and about 40 men, rangers, are here, a couple blocks away.
l have plenty of theories.
to find some more water.
and ask them to put a spotter chopper over 777.
if not now, i can never become in life.
i dont see what the harm is.
you wont leave before handing this in.
five more minutes.
..then he has to do that within three months, not three years.
... told me not to do it again.
could you excuse me for just one second?
then theyll all hate me.
hes actually running on top of the grain cars and jumping...
not new twist, it was there from beginning.
... this isnt what you think.
id love to trade theories about this,but im a little busy right now.
its a military tattoo.
do what he says or, by all the fires of the black pit,
thanks, ana lucia.
the guys that get along, get to work.
mother! one minute! the water was till here.
you got it!
find him kill him
i just ate.
you dont mind covering, right?
we make a run for it.
only cowards use their force on the weak.
well, i needed to clear my head. took a drive, ended up here.
i didnt kill him.
no, for that you need helping nature.
let it be if he doesnt know.
no. sure wish i did.
just tell me the plan.
how did you know id be there?
she must have met you in the train.
i want one lakh, right now.
hey i want it now!
well, thatll change.
private, come here!
please dont hurt him.
it is out of control and has to derail.
michael just told me you were jockeying for my spot on the raft.
well, dont you worry about it, oldtimer.
hadith says that the almighty does not judge by color or creed..
i get that, but somethings changed between you two.
i hate you.
i can feel new tunes coming into life
it isnt even on yet.
dont believe anything without proof.
what if this person that youre chasing is really here?
theyre gonna find the hole.
thanks. its very special to me.
how long you been out of training? about four months.
it feels very nice.
its my first season.
what are we supposed to do now?
why do you think ziegler invites us to these things every year?
how you like that? huh?
why did you call us in this blazing summer?
ive had it with your behavior.
do you remember? he gave 50 instead of 100.
you have an extraordinary boy.
yeah, i guess it is.
dont do it.
you should be lying down.
tell me, why does a billionaires son care so much about a bunch of rocks that fell out of the sky 12 years ago?
the others came after us.
no, coral, dont.
im a dead duck...
when i ran into them on my way back from lockes camp.
theres something inside that they cant get to that they cant touch.
ive gotten used to it.
but you said that mostly..
so is it gonna be a subtraction or an addition?
come on. look at me, look at me.
and ive been authorized to come down and go through it in a thorough manner.
i mean, is she?
better be open, bro. youre asking me to break the law.
thats all right.
you know exactly what i mean.
yeah, i do.
well, well. look who had to relocate to the suburbs.
i dont believe it.
can you teach me how to do that?
all right, what do you want?
you can probably tell just by looking at me, im not a wavemaking sort.
but you cant keep doing this.
i have a therapist.
well,that dude in the closet i thought he worked for you.
because youve never loved anyone.
hes got my phone, and franks calling me on that phone.
this woman cost me four years of my life...
hanna, i buy you everything you need to be popular. thats not why i do it.
cmon, what you got?
hes been undercover for three weeks.
all right. heres the situation, marines.
im leaving you.
dont let him in.
touch lana lang again, and ill take care of you.
get off me!
its not like were gonna be married forever.
im not about to let selfridge and quaritch micromanage this thing.
my eyes are helpless.
this is the one ive been using, and nothings happening.
give me time, to think.
theres two, tommy, three, four, five, couple more, six, my pirate, seven, eight candles.
this is his sector.
that is, if you wont miss being a communications officer.
thought this was supposed to be simple.
whereas my friends have come last..
never played a video game.
what do you think?
hell give us the medicine.
the body is paralyzed due to the shock but the mind is alert he can see us and hear us!
ahaana, please forgive me.
are you out of your mind?
i need your help.
do you know dr.
what about you, lana?
well return to our old house today.
he looks like a boy!
think youll ever see it again?
sir, consider it done.
is that you shooting up the technicals?
harping about bungalows.
i got it.
i think ive done all i can do.
written on a postit note.
suffer hehhehe everyone calls chathur as silencer
so what do i do?
this is a hotel suite where we used to spend our anniversary.
so everybody needs to be ready for your security assignments, okay?
everything has changed i probably needed a minute to think the process all at once
we have to maintain a working government.
we got the bastards.
he just wanted to talk.
please, dont take my alex!
i thought we were friends.
allen, make sure he doesnt go anywhere.
home rollin, rollin down a track
the guards simply didnt notice.
but 48 hours is our best window to catch the attackers.  yeah.
you wanna ride on that death trap of yours without a helmet,
the soul of beings is their scent.
i dont think so.
now... hes forcing me to go to goa.
ill be right back. okay? and then we can go home.
the avatar program is a bad joke.
you wanna make snowballs?
yeah, everyones been moved to another facility.
clark, whats this?
were not insinuating anything, sir.
this girl is more than a match for you.
if its safe, why dont we all go hurley, claire, the baby?
you, over there.
judging from what you did to his face, thats what you want, too.
no, its kind of hard to recover the files.
i dont think it was a dream. it was like...
in the old mans back pocket, are you?
i wouldnt worry about that.
he started sayin that....promise me....that whenever such stupid thoughts come to ur mind!
hey. hey, boy.
thats it. get up.
im glad you all thought this through.
theres been talk about you packing your bags.
boy, get me a drink.
todds a really good dj.
we were late taking off and...
whod you get it from?
you cried buckets.
pardon me. i assumed you were the waiter. bender
move your head if you can hear me.
laurent sighs victoria wont be happy about my killing you, but i cant help myself.
i miss you more than i can bear but we had our time together.
john, wheres jack?
better than three of you wandering into the magic forest  to bag a hunk o ham with nothing but a littlebitty hunting knife?
lapidus said they were headed northeast.
you see that toothy son of a bitch, you aim and squeeze. got it?
im taking you home, eddie.
dr. sanders and mrs. shapiro.
now push the damn button!
and the only way to do that is to understand how he thinks!  what he wants!
are we good?
back it up, please.
but who could expect it of you?
would you be willing to talk to them?
load the rest of the staff in the second helicopter.
forget mystique. this is about your cooking.
you mark my words.
kitt,i need to see inside that car.
well... did you do it?
and if music doth soothe the savage beast then i think i might know just the person!
let us toast your nonidiocy.
drop your ass to the flo you scared, you scared
take him to oldham.
its the meteor rocks.
this knifes probably 20 years old.
and these tree rubbings from his tusks.
think she was trying to send me a message.
the quiet korean guys jin.
i cant believe shes back.
but even with this tragic discovery, the victims families were hoping today...
get used to it pia..ure gonna be suhas tandons wife!
i need to get the bullet out.
my heart says her prediction will surely come true.
tell me about it.
that night, they just clicked.
of course he wants us to go there!
you made this?
its, like, transference.
yeah, well, ive been a little busy.
whats it about?
..can makes any tight lipped terrorist talk..
did she ever talk about him?
missile tracking, wont work.
dont worry. this year you will get your sargi.
you have forgotten me as soon as your son has arrived.
well, what do you remember?
i took care of you, ma.
chet you want a ride, girls? ...and im going through stuff, too.
hanna. is this waiting thing something you really want,
..how is he going to be?
you know what i did! ?
i believe in a lot of things.
because i m a beautiful woman...
im gonna perform surgery and repair as much damage as possible, but even the most optimistic result puts the likelihood of retaining any feeling or mobility anywhere below the waist at... extremely unlikely.
he says this is the building.
those boys fled with the wife.
so?  hes gonna make a scene.
walts not here.
just giving them something to count on.
whatever anyone tells you, he was not a coward.
then he died.
dont worry, pete, well get you to the hospital.
i tell you, i near soiled myself!
they knew the building.
spread your legs!
um sir.. well go on the stage, give this envelope n come sir give it to me this is my sisters marriage umm. sis sister?
youve already fired me.
my heart says to you..
its unjust to kill the major.
okay, come on.
meet in the morning.
your music, your songs that got us signed.
you said you talked to a woman. what was her name?
call the arrow.
who told him to get a car like that? im not footing this bill.
they could be hurt.
engagement is cancelled, grandma.
twombly, nelson, stay here.
uh, my understanding is that under hipaa, were allowed to share information as long as it furthers the care of the patient.
you did it.
no tension will bother you, brother.
we should make camp.
yes, he did.
thats awesome, man.
you gotta practice, clark. your eyes have muscles just like your legs.
someone actually lived down here?
it is hard to fill a cup which is already full.
three years ago, locke told me that all this was happening for a reason, that us being here was our destiny.
i usually forget things, but i remembered it!
but thats to stop the animals getting out, isnt it?
made me realised what a wonderful mother i had.
i just... i need some time.
i promised you...
give it up, clark.
give me..give me ur wallet..ill go n buy a pant!
these men are my responsibility from the minute they walk through those walls to the time that theyve paid their debt to society, im responsible for them.
all the cooks here wear clothes like this.
theyre really really good!
,where youve been working, john gasps that was heavy.
she went in the mall.
get the trauma kit.
havent you learnt anything from your mom?
yo, check it out, marcus didnt finish his lasagne.
may i have a cup of coffee?
did you see his face?
he tell you not to tell me?
will you drive quietly?
we drew straws.
as he slept, he dreamt he saw the fairy, lovely and smiling who gave him a kiss, saying
where would i go?
too soon to talk about.
for a follow up,please see your personal physician within the next 24 hours. it doesnt hurt anymore.
i could never outgrow you.
only a few days remain for the comet to pass over khwaish.
you guys dont even seem that curious.
he could be a watchdog... .
nate thought the tower was gonna be here.
the daily planet called, and i got an internship.
yeah, thats what im saying.
its a rocket.
everybody here knows you.
its not even melted or nothing. crazy, huh?
untie me. im a police officer.
who are you, sir?
janet, wait. wait. shit.
so, i mean, theres enough here for you and the baby for a while.
terrifying. dont tell anybody.
down on the ground.
and youre the unfortunate one?
how come you never tried to call nobody or look for her, or ask around?
can you fix it?
ill bring them in.
no! whenever lex and lana are around, no one else exists.
we just accept their deaths?
what the hell are you doing here?
dont change the topic.
go buy some stuff.
oh, no, no, no, no.
heres two for love lays dying. enjoy the show.
ill type it up, you can sign the affidavit, and split.
have you got it or what?
all of you are looking crazy...
..that youve fallen in love with london.
come on, get out.
cobbs drawing fischers attention to the strangeness of the dream which is making his subconscious look for the dreamer.
want to try something different?
john. john, wake up.
gabby, youre the best part of my day.
is that what you want?
encouraging a kid to sneak away.
we got a problem here?
so why did you do this to me?
what if this is our one chance to put things back the way theyre supposed to be?
spit that out right now!
because this is his past.
dad, can i go play, too? can i?
you still have the sat phone, right?
wonder how long it will torment us?
i cant say that one.
ill change the law of nature!
really, its okay.
but right now you gotta let me go.
if you want to sit here you can be my guest. come on lets go
thats enough, nikabrik!
the good one.
the best food in the world is made in france.
this is insane.
howd you find us?
no, we stay together.
what did you do?
she shouldnt have said anything.
they needed to know what i was exposed to.
if you will lead us, then my sons and i offer you our swords.
hi, yes, i am looking for kevin peterson,
because there is no measure for a mothers love.
i cant find a way to you.
she knew i was talking to the colonel.
wow, man. that was awesome.
if theres any chance of finding my husband, then i have to stay. all right.
my goodness, isnt she cute?
women and horses are one and the same.
aww! youre such a good girlfriend.
lanas not sure how she feels about our relationship right now.
i came for first time here.
can you see, maam? im sorry, not really.
yet that is north.
dont fool urself pia!
whats there to be scared, papa?
why didnt he tell me?
he was a hero.
he said i had work to do, that i had to stop is woman, naomi, from bringing the rest of her people here.
i asked you to marry me?
lex said hed pay for that.
no, its not worth talking about.
girls and boys... please ... calm down.
if shes the car, youre the key.
great, mr. gajendra.
this isnt your house?
hi, im clark. the rude ones chloe, and this is...
id like to see a business card.
i dont know why you called, but i cant be dealing with this right now.
ill return him to cybertronics in the morning.
max is gonna fax out a memo right now.
this balloon that brought you here.
are you sure you want to go to school this year?
as im sure youre well aware, im a little preoccupied at the moment.
i am prince zuko son of fire lord ozai and heir to the throne!
no, no, i...
howd you do that?
it doesnt really matter that its my birthday, does it?
im sure something wouldve been done about him.
want to hang out with me again tonight?
if i wanted a commentary, id buy your books on tape.
this... is the vault, constructed adjacent to a pocket of what we believe to be negatively charged exotic matter.
lt cant be.
first, he was standing silently.
want a cold one?
no, i didnt ask.
i was her second in command.
im calling triple a.
clunks coffee cup down  you cant avoid seeing people, sweetie.
i want them out of there.
dancing bells are on my feet, its my season of youth
its the name of the boat that pennys on. dont you dare.
when he saw me, says a thousand tales,
you gonna be okay?
shall we begin?
the whole fucking force is out there, kid.
you have a chance to become the most noble contradiction in history.
i thought dynamite fishing is illegal in these parts sheriff?
every day i meet people looking for a miracle, desperate to find one.
he left you unharmed and now the two of you are carrying on a relationship about which you lied to the fbi.
take the scenic route?
i also forged id papers for a guy pretending to be a priest.
things are actually pretty quiet around here right now.
i think brian dennehy is sexy.
its an old slaver out of portsmouth, england, called the black rock.
can you describe the man who beat you?
what did i do two years ago?
we have a defense protocol.
thats surprising... you have spoilt my two daughters...
how did you get the new number?
im hit. im hit.
have you paid the goons?
wow!  what a good daddy!
if you say so, madame.
thats when the drill melted.
all i have to do is apply my mind.
thank you for flying ajira air.
theres an open chamber about 20 meters in, behind the rock.
beats another night of defensive reading.
the first time youve shown any backbone and its such a waste.
its all about timing.
id like you to give him a hearty welcome.
say were having a party at our place tonight.
you said yous gonna bring the water back.
i decided not to open them till i got home lm still pure
once inside youre gonna turn left, go about 20 paces until you see a patch of anthuriums on your left.
you cross that line, we go from misunderstanding to something else.
yeah, youre always thirsty, arent you?
you didnt even think once... about the background ofthe girl her status... her breeding.
she hasnt done anything in these.
just the greatest chef in the world.
dont worry about it.
if he can hear me, he knows im alive, that im coming for him, that im going to get him back!
yeah, we wont lie to mum.
i just dont know why youre doing this.
yes, i did.
will you also come?
she dies in 14 hours
how did you know there was a bullet in my leg, richard?
grandpa, pindaris never shed tears.
it could be worse.
do you really think he wouldve told us anything?
i bet he saw us all naked.
you aint gonna see her again once we cross this bridge.
often enough, id say.
what, i ask you what all the moneys for and you do some song and dance about an investment or something and then i say, hey, oh, ive got some money.
i see my father in the kitchen.
thats nice and ripe.
im reading with cassandra.
you didnt have to. tell hibbs i would have paid.
will i, uh are these shoes ok for what were gonna do?
thank you sir... id be very happy ifyou and bhabhiji could attend the wedding tomorrow... i have asked rahul to attend the wedding he will be there.
ive been seeing someone.
and how is this key going to give you the answers?
lets see how you feel after 3 years of living in the 70s.
dude, get away from me!
not now, max.
kill me now only.
why would you do that?
i dont know what to tell you.
henry, can you hear me?
what will go wrong if you tell him the truth?
i feel great.
should i tell her i sent him there?
hes at home with his wife and baby.
i was telling you about.
well, youre not gonna get rid of me that easily.
marion, i dont think you realize l do.
so please, dont do anything.
what made me see?
goodlooking fellow, im sure.
i went to bombay to attend an interview.
alec sister. they send you out to get one and you bring back two.
peggy odell was in a wheelchair but she ran in front of a truck.
im imran and this is sajida.
this habit of helping others.
punya, hold on to this.
in hurry i forgot my top in the bathroom.
..we owe him rs.9750.
ikran is not horse.
not till sunday morning, which means im gonna miss your big date.
he was playing a game, he made a mistake.
where do i find processing?
chandni chowk in a silver spoon some chatni.
why it is you have a gift, and most of all, youll know about your father.
im used to it.
dont break our friendship.
were they really looking crazy?
thats the most selfish thing ill ever do.
on your way to metropolis.
um, yes. im fine, thank you.
he always hid bad news from us.
bob, im letting you go.
no, no, he cant come!
three days ago, we all died.
where is that?
lords of the council, my apologies for being late.
one day, our warriors came across a creature.
well... you still have your health.
dhanraj has escaped.
almost, but i can think of 10 million reasons why not.
have you spared me?
and stay down!
it was his name. he was a confidence man.
listen, listen, you got to step up.
i mean, with government policy.
how did you do that?
jesus, are you sure?
why havent you come to help us?
..slew 4500 pindari revolutionaries.
a lie isnt a lie if its said for a noble cause..
nice photograph sisterinlaw.
bob, how many times have i told you not to apologize.
dont spare him alive, boss.
sucre, i need you to finish what we started.
ah, nice to meet you, kevin.
well, i have to! hell try and talk you out of telling.
sayid fixed the transceiver,
dont come in here.
i didnt understand.
the possibilities of their root code, their digital dna.
so, what do you say?
all right, you got me.
oh, no, im not married.
i dont think thats gonna help bring harry back.
i got to go, i have some property there... two acres of land.
but theres no sense going out into the jungle in the middle of the night.
you got to come get me.
this is civil war.
what if she gets married within these two years?
bloody dirty frowning face! go away.  ill go...
grab tools, containers for sand, anything you have.
how come nobody saw you on the plane, nathan?
i changed my mind.
right out of my hands.
not if you designed the place, it isnt.
i was kind of looking for something.
i have come to wilhemina, georgia.
away from melissa?
from behind the moon.
what do you think they would do if they caught one of us?
sure, but its not like hes all warm and fuzzy.
i wondered when someoned figure out we werent just fumigating here.
but as the days turned into years, the king and queen were forced to resort to more desperate measures.
she replies, over my dead body, maybe.
i have a son. i have a son.
stop it, tom.
lets use incense sticks and manage.
now only if your mother agrees, our family will get completed.
martha, you okay?
yes, weve decided to root out these barbaric pindaris..
elsie, i dont know what hes gonna do.
either he must be here or i must be here.
oh, god, you can be a bitch.
copy, mr. fleming.
all that stuff you said about ana lucia. you knew i would go to jack.
hello, is that you?
when you realize youve made a huge mistake... well be back at the beach,right where we started.
either way, this pictures on the front page of tomorrows torch.
sayid danielle, you have to give us the baby.
come on, cant we talk?
want me to shoot? im rested.
all right, bruno. time to say goodbye.
you are stealing?
thats the last thing on my mind right now, warden.
all we need is a little love and a few bridesmaids.
your obvious plan to take me home and ravage me will not work.
i missed you.
you cant go by yourself.
whats it look like were doing?
immy. i trust you more than myself.
you know, who tom is now is pretty much who tom is always going to be.
what am i gonna say in my speech?
you dont want milk anymore?
thats the problem, veronica.
i got myself into this mess, i gotta try and get myself out of it.
try telling that to ray soamess family!
its a small college.
only one millicycle, about eight hours.
come with me!
we got a runner!
all right, id say weve done our part here.
i told you all i know.
it didnt see you?
why hide in hearts, what you can say
ive to find him now...
will your friend react so much for telling truth also?
i still work, dont i?
do you know catch a falling star?
rajan group of companies, bombay.
ill talk to him.
miles,i need you to bring me to the orchid.
we belong to brahmin community, but hes freely using bad words.
bella, the only thing that can hurt me is you.
dad, im in here!
if i could drop you in bombay.
were making camp.
you cant think that way.
he looks like a scheming man, why are you taking him into our gang?
lll kill you.
why didnt you say anything?
ill be home soon.
hes been after me!  everybody knows it!
one drop of adams blood and you free me.
i took a hit.
im en route right now.
i dont think these people have any intentions of letting us walk of here alive,
not really. i mean, pauls name is still on the ballot and he wouldnt take office until fall.
im sorry, but i cant repair your knee.
what do you mean?
i need to end this.
i still think that.
we shoot him.
people who care about me, they believe me.
you dont even know what youre running from!
dad, whats wrong?
i didnt write it down. it just came to me.
how youve threatened to kill me.
its going to rain, lets get into the car.
at some point, somethings gonna separate us.
and i will take care of the wife.
make sure theres a box of montecristo cubans in the room and a bottle of cristal on ice.
..youll lose publics respect.
i brought you breakfast in bed.
the girl obviously died of something.
even if you cant see me...
let him die, useless man.
the result of the release of this energy would be catastrophic.
i still dont have anything to wear to lanas party.
cant you see? its a puzzle.
i have to do this, penny.
u kept on telling..take me to haridwar..take me to haridwar but i was waiting for the highways tender to be opened the tender opened over there and u closed ur eyes over here!
its like the ultimate rush.
hes always there for me.
i dont approve of parents buying such things.
fair enough, mr. kent. thanks for your time.
his fingerprints matched a partial from your crime scene. he confessed.
how does he know seenu?
i just dont understand whats wrong with me. and why am i bleeding?
no problem, you have it, ill order another one.
i wouldnt be so sure about that, mr.ives.
youve got something on your shirt.
its past opening time.
of course im right. if anything, you should be going away from the noise.
the others knew there was a marshal on the plane.
now read these chants in reverse order and start the ritual.
its all gonna flood...
..hes making don seenu do what his men have failed to do.
you wait here.
i can assure you, pleasure is very different from happiness.
chances are ill ride the bench half the season.
im fresh out.
what is it?
can i write it down?
this is the man who sabotaged your radio room.
hes at peace now.
ryan, you okay?
now remember, dont eat the valet.
i heard a shot!
i tried it a couple times.
but i am trying.
how did she die?
the wealth of this world isnt in the ground, its all around us.
is there something you need, hurley?
i cant tell you what it is you can never ask me about it later, and were gonna hurt some people.
lets ask him.
oh, thats... that was funny.
i was putting out a first class act, then he walked in and things went awry.
no,no,no.you have to seal off the store.you... aaron?
so the job went down without our two dead guys?
hes making a case for this woman  ana lucia.
no, its okay.
they were just pawns in a big game.
what is that supposed to be?
whats this, then?
one of the top 100 rich men in this world
youre jennys god.
if you see a tiger, you escape not try to catch it.
bypass security protocol alpha delta 573.
two for five, you get one free.
how can you tell?
wait, wait, wait!
if you need anything, just call us, okay?
im going to win.
when did they start?
hello?  hey reynolds, its trevor.
wed love to come down for the holidays.
my missing guest of honour.
do you really think im capable of that?
can we be of any help?
keep pushing it, john.
meanwhile, you can support me and walt in the manner to which well soon become accustomed.
im glad youre okay.
so what happens now?
i just want to make sure that youre gonna take really good care of the baby.
im gonna tell you somethin, man.
how can it be in the tank?
captain steele, i need a medivac in here now!
john you shouldve seen their faces,
chavez catches on, man, hell kill you.
where are you gonna be?
nate  we gotta move.
looks like its you and me, kate.
you live here?
what are you talking about, cracker?
this is a chance to get back on a label.
you havent stopped smiling since we left.
son of a bitch has a beard, sunglasses...
he seems to have disappeared.
tell me the truth.
ill be right there!
othic, calm down, goddamn it!
and to be honest, i wanted your forgiveness.
we have to warn them.
get them something to eat.
i know what i saw!
it will be fair and accurate and will give you the legitimacy you need to get out of your fathers shadow.
i knew viktor made a mistake by keeping you as a pet
what is it?
i think i have a chance with her.
please tell me again...
it was blank, but the postmark said fort hancock, texas.
just dont lose my paperwork.
you are going to lose the boy.
she wasnt like the others.
you cant live without cigarette.
lets go cut the cake.
perhaps i have been a bit harsh on our new garbage boy.
you will tell us the truth.
i... im gonna be a nurse. im in nursing school.
ive never been with mecha.
you get them all to the boat?
there he is.
can you get down here?
i came to deliver a message... from ben.
i know who i am!
im going after my son. im going after my son,
nothing will happen, grandma.
now let me out!
what if there are police there?
you win five races and youre free.
no, i needed that pain to get to where i am now.
sixth floor, monroe building.
if one skinny kills another his clan owes the dead guys clan a hundred camels.
in case you didnt notice, the lights are all on.
they have no idea that the man they work for is a monster,
whats your news?
for your mothers treatment.
chuck! i need you to stop the plane.
what did he say?
your proximal and middle phalanx are broken.
you were the surgeon of record when she died.
what is your wish?
if sam had been a rathod hindu, he would have been alive today.
i gather intelligence on people and i exploit it.
is everything... all right?
there are other hotels in miami.
and i wanted to get him educated further.
if anyone should be down there helping, it oughta be you!
how else am i supposed to get to know you?
this field will give us an advantage in battle.
my two grandmothers... maternal and paternal!
thanks for letting me stay here.
he is my boyfriend.
hurt your eyes?
i was in the army, for gods sake!
gajdhar, if we had to decide with our swords..
its like those baby alligators in new jersey, someone leaves them and then they bread.
okay? hes not gonna talk.
i need you to look after her until i get back.
if you look from afar its filled with happiness... but the closer you go you will find a lot of sorrow.
he brings me down here.
i tried to talk to him, but he wouldnt listen to me.
he has been trying to meet the president for a while now.
i know you are the strong...
whats that, mrs. lang?
hes your grandson.
... isthatit makesdeception a necessity for both parties?
shes trying to replace me.
no two are ever alike.
im goin back to the beach, and claire and the kid are comin with me.
but to f them up,
hes had four cups of coffee.
why? whats it say?
the first two nights are gonna be on us.
hey, mr. chef!
were gonna have to lie.
everyone loses faith at some point in their life.
he wouldnt do this to me!
lord save me! why would bauji give you our shop?
towel, towel, towel... towel, towel.
well, if you feel the need to get one out of your system, then go ahead.
halt. dont shoot.
tina, calm down.
i kind of think she threw him out.
hes great. hes a dad.
she shouldnt know it from me, she must feel it.
ive done everything you wanted me to do, so why did you do this?
what if they start asking us questions we cant answer,
so this is your old office, huh?
and you know why?
no worse than the odds of us surviving that plane crash.
what are you doing? youre really hot.
we donot have all day
one week,in cash.
put out the light.
just give me that chance.
we look forward to your reports.
its, you know, a triangle thing.
you were in an accident and you have to accept that.
we start tout de suite!
dont worry about luthor, i put the fear of god in him!
i am sorry vishal, i am sorry.
if they bring the fight to us... then we have the home field advantage.
theres no water!
im going alone
lets go back to camp.
ill pull the trigger.
dont placate me because you think that im... what?
yes, maam. entire list.
dad, since the rooms almost done... have you decided whos gonna get it for sure?
oh, i missed it.
what do we do now?
you wont hurt heywood. we all know that.
beera, let go of his hand
thanks for being so specific.
i hear hes a don, what do you want him for?
you neednt get tensed.
we would have to go to the hospital...
if you get the phone call, beat me with your slipper.
no election is worth hurting people.
it was an accident. it was an accident.
either to slow down... or to maneuver around the obstacle.
how did they end up here?
and all because of your little bar of soap.
erle stanley gardners.
loneliness leads to depression.
how did you find me?
i dont know what youre talking about.
fight with me.
cynthia, are you ok?
he always sleeps through the night.
..that any prince who defeats this warrior..
hes in hiding.
i know you can protect her.
i was standing there, holding onto that tv.
trying to figure out what makes this stuff spreadable.
you should be careful.
how is that possible?
prem, come along.
but as far as bringing back people who left in order to stop these temporal shifts, thats where we leave science behind.
you get a full set of sleeves, all in a couple of months.
because he was never mine!
im not a soldier. john. hey, nash.
well, thas what is like for me.
got any leads?
i will never do such a thing.
how could you guess everything right?
hey, wilkie, whats the situation in there?
do you like this?
so, what can i do for the center for environmental protection?
i suppose i didnt really make a formal proposal.
come with you where?
i misunderstood you.
you see us?
id better change.
you part of the companion program?
were you ever scared of me?
he has started again in hindi.
shes gonna be staying with us.
because ive been running.
of course it does.
place your bets. place your bets.
see where those tires are burning?
how do you know i wont tell people about where i was?
take the buyout now, and you can keep your dignity.
it is crucial that you, yourself, raise this child.
amen, i guess.
thats between her and me.
just because you travelled to a foreign land..
max, stay here.
i just thought you could use the company.
if he doesnt turn up, then ill go mad.
did you hear those marines in there today talking about your brother?
the ambassadors gonna be more than a little upset by your treatment of his guests.
i thought you didnt believe in fate.
i dont know anything
what happened to your campsite?
yeah, and it gives her strength.
its a cool gift.
did he go there to take the air?
we could share millions.
boone made it fall.
but who knows when thats gonna be.
i think shes in some kind of trouble.
so many books?
clu fed on my resistance.
why do i remember peanut butter?
and when dear ones create distances in between it aches even more.
he did it!
i kill you!
youre very dire, but im still gonna stay.
at the gate, ill follow you into the terminal, well hit starbucks, grab a couple of lattes, kill ten, 15 minutes till i get the call that keefes been taken out.
hey, its alright!
now lets move, before the ground falls out from under our feet!
let me do it!
i dont understand why youre so upset.
dont worry about me, divya.
lets set the charges.
so... tooling up for the race riot, are we?
prem. what happened?
yet you gave them to me.
you got to move on with your life.
well, it sounds good in theory, but how about you prove it?
need a pen, son?
jack, may i have a word with you?
the room were standing in was constructed years ago
let me talk to them.
narasimha tortured you and chari said sorry to you.
and so you have come to me for a favour.
i dont know about you guys, but im gonna go check this out. wait for me, bonehead.
you cant wake up from within the dream unless you die.
what do you remember?
is a jacob thing.
couple of dogs with runny noses that nobody loves.
its not enough hansen won the carnegie scholarship.
nothing to worry about.
if you feel compelled to leave these cities, please do so in an orderly fashion. excuse me! coming through.
this way, everybody.
hey! hey! theres an exit this way!
i remember it.
do you wanna know why? it doesnt matter, does it?
i wanted you to make sure that ray mullen got his 23 grand.
i told him bravely because its in your laptop.
i know the consequences of this choice youre making.
because drugs will damage both the hippocampus and the amygdala portions of the brain.
thats why he hasnt aged a day.
okay. okay.  tell him i said, howdy.
what do you stand for? i stand for truth, justice and other stuff.
there is no way to avoid it now.
memory is a very vivid and powerful sensation, mary.
of course not. but you do need someone to set it up for you.
call in rattlesnake jake.
where else but in grasse!
im not sure i liked what i did, playing dirty with the beanery.
well, talking to him is getting us nowhere.
you know who.
look at this stuff.
well, then push somethin.
all right,you wanna make this about me,about my character?
youre getting better.
briganza, gives you two choices.
good morning to you.
the country is greater than father.
november 15th.  no. what year?
you wait on me.
even during the blitz.
dont give them anything.
i think he said something about going to the store for a pack of smokes.
ive got them here on tape.
but it collapsed.
i didnt know.
because theres a mole on the left side of your waist.
do something. but save my child.
if i hadnt encouraged you.
you not saving the species tonight... or any other night!
you cannot marry her.
i cant believe it. youre finally here.
ill have to see, i have a very busy schedule.
go check hes alive right now. do it.
i figured youd be the one to show.
the future, mr. rango.
put your gun away, all right?
for two days youre gonna think youre all good.
what the fuck just happened?
i cant figure out why youre doing this.
i know what this reporter wants to get out of me.
bulls dont even come by.
im gonna need some more feed, too, willie.
i dont like killing.
he looks like a girl!
i went off this mogul, lost my edge, and...  bam!
be careful, ok?
somehow you... you still felt powerful.
come on. i got you.
where will you hide them?
right now its july 1977, which means that happened last year.
listen buddy, i dont got a lot of time. look!
bender were not here for beer, my friend.
i think these are whitneys new friends.
if you havent made up your mind, why are you giving me a goingaway present?
he came in late one more time and all of a sudden he...
lex has always been a good friend.
we need to shift his animosity from his father to his godfather.
pooja couldnt you wear decent clothes at least today?
did he tell you where fibonacci is?
what are you doing here?
get out of my way, kid.
embry used to call them hall monitors on steroids.
...may i come in...?
it doesnt mean it cant happen.
well, who needs you... or your dumb teenager room?
shes been missing over a week, and every day shes gone, it feels like bits of me are crumbling, or something.
cause if you dont, im going to hang up right now.
we are in this together.
lts gonna be okay.
the eyes look in a different direction..
hey, believe me, that story gets better when i tell it, okay?
they coulda kept you, but they didnt.
you know, a barns no place for shoes like that.
theres a restaurant not too far from here.
beautiful day, isnt it?
what are you saying?
no, thisll be my speech when i want everyone to throw diplomas at my head.
she couldnt make it.
we all have our journeys to make!
can we turn her over?
im also confused.
alicia ls it the medication? door bangs shut
you stand alone.
not merely from the modern age when our forebears created the first thinking machines, primitive ones that played chess.
were down to 15 .
but try to come as soon as possible..
this was a mistake.
six more. six more fucking mouths to feed.
when brinjals you sell has worms, cant my note have holes?
this is what islam demands!
because you told me that i had something very important to do, once i get there.
give it to me.  i intend to.
frankly, its hard to say.
son, youre back.
and far as i can tell, your life revolves around yourjob.
yeah, youre right.
i take that back!
you wanna get shot, fat boy?
they talk in english.
puja veneration platter?
im 18, boone.
yeah, i stole it from him.
by the way, i dont take anything from strangers.
i wanna talk to you about your buddy, tariq.
i saw you back at the rock.
and tie him up.
well, i wouldnt move away, not forever.
whats with the book?
now thats what im talking about.
call him off.
what is that?
but not before he told me.
and you dont read spanish, man.
we changed course to investigate.
fish will die without water.
oh stop it aunty.
if you knew her parents, youd understand.
the coat is ready. just give me the go and ill give you a grand entry.
colin, i think everythings goanna fit in there.
no, not to worry.
...bringing it to a successful conclusion.
and all excited to meet you.
look, if were going to be thieves, why not steal the good stuff in the kitchen, where nothing is poisoned?
we need the doctor.
wake lutorius. yes, sir.
do you know what you would like this evening, sir?
if the portal is closing, we cant sit around. we have to move now.
no, someone new.
cant i come to work for you, master, cant i?
boss, your mood seems to be good.
why? he had a... he set fire to a garage
boosting and redirecting.
youve been out here for three weeks digging this thing up and you never told me?
ethan you need to be sure.
a dream like this one?
oh, is that what i keep hitting?
people are advised to avoid the highways wherever possible.
i happen to be the one who insisted that kalpana must say yes to you.
everybody in heres innocent.
the university says theres no record of him.
you just put the book in that womans hand and shes gonna lob it at you like a grenade.
was there something that you needed, john?
yeah. i heard you.
i cant ...there are three
this is the ladies coach.
what do you think i am doing?
i call the dark meat!
alex lets set up camp here for the night.
there was a reason for that.
lapidus is running an errand.
melbournes a hundred kilometers from here.
because talent means next to nothing!
her names sara.
a fraction of respect, man.
the same question, where were you that night?
she was gonna give it up, you know...
have a wonderful birthday, dorian!
why dont i call them, tell them youre here..?
im sick, and im dying.
i cant... cant breathe.
it wont fire.
mrs. meacham gave me a doover.
hes got a maze on his skin.
if youre writing for yourself, its pure passion.
listening, too, i guess.
and then youre gonna come in and youre gonna beg me to operate on him because hes threatening to murder sawyer.
so, they used c4 to knock out the elevators.
sawyers right, miles.
locke says i should stop treating him like a child.
only a fool wont like it.
were getting late. sunita, lets go.
count on it, little sister.
which ones are after my life?
what medical bills?
water, mr. rango, water.
where am i?
but they saw it and took it...
so much for the fairer sex, huh?
youre going to london, thats it.
you cant really run with vampires.
pretty weird, huh?
you keep fighting.
..so were here to celebrate her birthday.
what the fuck is wrong with you?
i gotcha, big daddy!
i wonder how long ago this happened.
can we do it another time?
jack and i will rig the charges.
the forestry department praises you
put the gun down.
oh, youre family now. its no trouble.
then you just, jump me out of nowhere? whats that?
he ended up shooting one of them?
we need to get something to seal the hive.
well, on ones soul.
because you are threatened by me!
and when that blood will go in your daughters mouth shell become alive.
please! his name is john!
why did you say that?
to the sweat drip down my balls
why would anyone want to rob a morgue?
thats your room. just go and play.
about the mans character.
today that rogue came to our door with flowers.
cuff her over there with the others.
theres gotta be something that you can do.
where did aleya go?
with flynn missing, the company is now in chaos.
hell of a lot cheaper than a shrink.
..this careless attitude is disgusting its disrespectful tat was a limited edition watch u just lost!
actually, lots of lizards have it.
and why would you think that?
thats the man who sent desmond to los angeles to find you.
which is the compartment, prem?
hes my brother.
id just as soon get my money and get out.
dont do this.
my name is benjamin linus. i believe youre looking for me.
all right, richard, listen very carefully because youre only gonna have about... three minutes to get this right.
we are brahmins, can we behave so cheaply?
shrugs. youll keep wearing the shrugs.
you girls had to handle all this tonight by yourselves?
if i couldnt handle it?
he was sure allah would never allow the blood of his progeny to be shed.
i just heard what happened, im sorry.
charlie told me youre a priest.
have you ever celebrated birthday without us?
he sold them off and giving me the money.
but they dont know the truth.
right. just ignore it. ignore it.
man, you got me in the dark.
we were bait.
take him out!
back in the real world, a lowlife scam artist like you could never compete with a firstclass surgeon.
that knife, its u.s. military.
god is faithful and just.
flynn is teaching me about the art of the selfless, about removing oneself from the equation.
so the dispatcher do anything to screw the job up, theyre wiping out his whole family back at the ukraine.
why didnt you tell me?
tell a select few?
just because a barbarian returned to you a piece of your brooch..
and im not gonna spend the night guarding the bushes
can we get a blanket for patricia?
you better get up there.
ill answer only if he calls me as don seenu.
fighters are convicted violent felons. acts should not be duplicated at home.
i think youre nuts.
i have finished... now lets leave.
theyre not pyjamas.
i have to find my son! i have to tell him how old sea turtles are!
how does a woman like you learn how to tie a perfect bowline knot?
dear diary, still on the bloody island.
nothing i cant handle.
i remember you were the last one on the flight, and you were all sweaty and you had headphones on and crunch, you stepped on my foot.
im afraid of what youve got under there.
what are you doing?
your luggage has been taken to your room.
whats he doing in our bed?
were going to survive!
parcher scan each new issue, find any hidden codes, decipher them.
i wish to remain this unexceptional man... who wins her love.
why do you think that is?
dont be afraid, billy. were here to help you.
..the s.t. workshop in borivali.
we want it taken away, thats all.
him and this tasty bitch he was with.
they cant say!
and second, never go for the obvious kill.
she was in a car crash, jack. her insides were a mess.
come in, dolan.
bonds of love.
do you want me to recommend you?
i just dont understand why you let the doctor call the shots.
now is your chance to try something worthy of your talent, linguini.
theyre drug smugglers. heroin. thats all thats in here.
after the massacre, the cavalry torched the settlement.
you better get over here. i have no idea how im gonna explain this.
sams trying to help me. dont blame him.
instrument panels are okay.
oh, it doesnt matter.
youre asking the wrong question.
maybe get a ride home with your friends.
last night, he wrecked my tent.
oceanic 815 to crash on this island.
and we made it here.
but please dont get prem arrested.
good ol mr. lockes gone into the jungle to get some water for you.
you were a good kid, clark.
its a pleasure to meet you, mrs. montgomery.
why did you never tell me about my father?
good to know.
theyll kill you with interest while waiting for you to fail.
or then the lord
and youd walk in her house, and...
excuse me, is this where we meet his teacher?
shmuel, im really sorry for what i did.
ah, but that is no match for wishful thinking.
will you play with us?
and that wouldnt bother me, its just that their uh ...
now, if im not mistaken,
thatll teach you to show off.
its outdate too.
while chanting hymns?
night and day you keep talking about destiny.
so take your stuff and go. look, dude...
what the hell does that mean?
lts all your blessings
i thought still far away.
no, man, cut it out. im sleepin.
this is liquid nitrogen. we use it in the refrigeration hold.
in case you havent noticed, its every man for himself, chewie.
hes also 3,000 miles away.
the more i look the more i see.
so, uh, whens the next time we can launch?
know that i will be there watching you, sometimes at inappropriate moments.
quatrich just rolled in the gunships.
just deep breaths now. come on, just breathe.
we just want to talk, all right?
that was taken in 1977.
delta or no delta, thats a hot weapon.
yeah, well, neither do i, so...
no way. im on a new diet.
you are in good hands.
but after what happened there werent a whole lot of legitimate ways for me to use that skill.
built like a boy to disarm us.
okay. thas okay.
you have to take me to dinner first. according to fairy tale law, if not fully satisfied, true loves kiss will render this contract null and void.
and now, veer will perform for india.
everyone in theres dead.
what are you doing here?
why would i be mad at sawyer?
i just wanted to make sure your circuit breaker hadnt been fried.
that a twoofus or fiveofus?
hey, hold on, pizzas here.
why, do you really have a prius?
previously on lost...
hes the head of the indian military intelligence.
claire, listen, im... listen.
youre gonna be paralyzed from the waist down for the rest of your life.
a pindari can never go back on his word.
then im going with you. kate...
someone bought up a big pile of it.
honestly,my best gus,id say shell take a 15year sentence,and you serve seven.
but not us.
and his soninlaw is here.
ninety percent of terminal island, your grand investment, is dead space.
belong to what?
i have a secret.
ifyou say to them...
shes responsive to stimulus below the waist, so...
hey raju idiot, u brought dad on a scooter?
that the final torture?
oh, food, glorious food... marvelous food, wonderful food... beautiful food... magical food... glorious......
..lasted only for six months, four days and 1 7 hours.
dory p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney.
and why should i trust you?   scoffs
hell, no way to open the damn thing.
but, jatin, how will we arrange for the wedding..
why did you invite them?
maybe you should let dr, rosen drive you to your mothers, alicia he told me to leave.
now this is over, im not gonna take another day for granted.
no, i dont.
im not sure.
our lips chant no name but yours
stay down, kid!
ll, jack, the way he started the fire is he had help, okay?
youre the only person who speaks french.
something like that.
if anything happens to me, youll be in trouble.
praise lord krishna!
under winters suns, like a warm melody... you caressed me, now youre gone
no, i dont need anything.
ettinsmoor pledges its troops.
ill talk to juliet, see what she can tell me.
i am late.
how did you know? you have a bigger problem. i can vanish into the jungle, but im just one person.
thats three reasons to go right there.
goddamn cats crawling up trees, 5 times 5 is 25....
my soninlaw is already in office.
well, it is to me.
yeah, im fine.
i dont want to know.
all right. you have my word.
how did you do that?
and you two need to respect that.
books has the same definition...
are you ashamed of me?
i know only hymns, nothing else.
i need to do this, okay?
how much do you know about whats going on here?
letting you get hurt.
ill clean it up.
i was watching you on the way, opposite vehicles were coming correctly, but you were driving wrong few times.
no no no no.. im tellin you.. i swear rancho 100..chatur zero you win, i lose.. you dont believe me
do what you have to do.
they dont qualify.
its deeper there.
i mean, they thought it would be good for you to hear the histories.
in the yard, by the chapel.
how did you get here?
i didnt hear you.
he helped me get back.
so youre here trolling for fresh meat.
then god help us all.
it should be about 200 yards this way.
mama jenny has added sameers name to the list of martyrs.
no. no, i wont let you.
and thus yashs ego and rahuls stuborn stand broke... the family into two...
you learn how to respect your seniors or, youre getting nowhere in life.
its not me doing the moving.
they look a little nervous.
its my money.
you afraid of a little competition, whitney?
what were the screams?
he understands you may have certain negative feelings towards your father.
you know, the mexican thing.
wait a day or two until youre out in the open sea, then youre good to go.
every person on your boat.
hey, whats the matter, son?
so when is someone gonna tell me where were going?
so you tell me the truth about that?
whats there to be angry about?
may i say, sir, your mother would be very proud to see you today.
his only wish is to upstage him.
im sorry..i thought u were pia..
i started working as gate keeper with a theatre there,
ok, jacks coming.
cant they fix whatever is causing it?
how about speaking english?
youre gonna be beautiful.  ok.
whats the truth, and whats not?
no, no, i was just, uh, running some experiments.
whered that come from?
we dont have to do this to each other.
i didnt mean to scare you.
there are men with tranquilizer guns hunting me down like an animal.
why arent you answering me?
what game is this?
youyou have a phone.
..we have the man, who got the whole ball rolling.
here. pull it in!
what are you talking about?
what im doing down there could be dangerous.
hes seeing us.
say it, baby.
dont worry. she will be fine.
they served together in the u.s. navy.
believe it or not, i dont actually know the address yet.
pretty much counts all of us out.
aint that a bitch.
marry me. okay. mandira..
what if we die?
when did he leave you?
its very tense situation.
because its more fun to watch you suffer.
a good, or a very good man?
perhaps we can go.
i was just saving you from an evil eye!
he has my strength. maybe he has my weakness too.
we were never friends.
tighten your asses, were going down!
tell me what you want to be when you grow up.
you follow it up.  bag zips
800 last night.
when he touched my face, i felt like the life was being drained out of me.
i.. i.. im doing pushups.
i see you.
you always lie...
the gas pressure is beginning to drop.
why dont you stop them? because ben wants you to do it.
what about the axe?
look, lenny, i got to know what do the numbers mean?
it was like being transported to a magical place.
you know that, right?
two players. two sides.
i want to know who killed clyde mardon.
i dont see a way inside
ill just be a sec. i think he wants proof that this night actually happened.
hes why i got transferred here
could she really be back?
just get along side of the cab.
youve honored my fathers memory enough.
welcome to prisneyland, fish.
hey, this isnt much.
at the retirement center i met this old, blind lady.
i need to see lionel luthor.
im a dancer.
were gonna spend them spitting on each other, or are we gonna talk some business?
we are gathered here today to give thanks and to celebrate one of lifes greatest moments.
all this killing time?
i wouldnt have to if you werent best friends with that nutcase who brought us here.
son, youre looking like a cool dude.
when are you getting married, pen?
no room for tourists on these jobs.
its not just a door, ben.
no, i am talking about this child.
it looks like you went through a great deal.
markus, hes the one
how long has it been?
his name is justin.
did i or did i not tell you to get 1206 off the main? i asked them nicely.
give him my best.
so the prince asked the obvious
you wanna help me find it?
that someone very close to me will die soon.
in some ways, finding out ali is really gone has brought us back together...
you should never underestimate a wall.
tomorrow my friend sandra is getting married.
so listen, is there any chance that maybe i could buy you a cup of coffee or one of those nonfat, nofoam lattes that you like?
theres something else.
look! well never make it in time if we only travel at night..
something bothering you, clark?
one we can share.
never took you for the jealous type.
yeah? have anything to do with the people who took these toes?
i... just have trouble sleeping in a strange bed.
the french are coming!
and no, im not.
no, he asked me to kill you.
you see that?
man, he plans on taking all the money.
well, nothing seems to be broken. we could get an xray just to be safe.
trevor, i am worried about you.
dont take this the wrong way.
i dont have all that.
let her go!
they have guided us.
now hes having fun with her.
but as soon as you invest, a governmentsponsored fund kicks in and triples your money in two weeks.
hes in over his head, doesnt know why...
this is so hot.
you are the best.
yeah, it is.
till now they used you in my place, ill take your place and do what is to be done, and save our father.
great, its closed.
what? did he say anything about the plane they were on?
hey, b. can i have a beer?
what do i aim for?
thanks for the advice.
are you sure of that?
what really matters...
consummation... of that ecstasy... in your arms... is all i wish
suppliers, consumers, everything in between.
you see how its not knocked over?
i said fuck off!
were gonna say you were trying to defect.
its okay if i go, right?
doesnt matter, theres a good chance the derailer wont work.
but, youre not...
hello. yeah, this is her.
you need some water to go with that?
well, now, what does it say about my ability to carry out my work if i cannot control my own family?
thank you for observing.
and play with who?
give him another month to think about it.
this is a topdollar job.
jenny, ithe double flu two months ago.
those people that did this...
lets soar away.
i found out what i was made of, who i was.
in the last eight hours who claims they know me.
i didnt eat eight.
i brought you this far because i need you.
then its fine. i get very worried when she doesnt weep.
lets get the description out.
keep swinging the detector through until we get a reading.
you... you promised that we would change the world together.
once they got him, to escort him back to the mainland.
lts very serious.
my boss may not think lincolns case is worth looking into, but i do.
time to deliver the cookies!
this was our neighborhood.
trust me, you dont want to eat this one.
no, hes a watchmaker.
i wont be around much longer...
shes gonna be ok, man.
inhale. exhale. good.
take a look in the rear view mirror.
what part of forever
well, dont worry.
don seenu ran away from home!
what are you going to do?
actually.. no need to go to school today.
its not gone.
i was thinking you should move to l.a.
tell me right now.
manny, ellie! lock trunks..!
but i knew the white swan wouldnt be a problem.
900 a. m. tomorrow.
just saving the world.
the name and the respect has been given to us by our ancestors.
oh, i have to work.
i guess they just assumed he was traveling alone, protecting them from terrorists.
when they do, they end up better for it.
youre just going the wrong way.
you havent spent enough time with him to see it, but hes different.
when does what happen?
if i didnt know better, i would say lcasz was sweet on you.
she didnt care about this election as much as me.
i think ill let him sit in the sun a while longer.
we able to find a boat and everything, then what?
if he was set up, then why?
youre already locked up.
i dont know. could you do some digging, find a connection?
ill bring back your memories.
her murmurs make music
im trying to buy some jerky and a slushee, and suddenly youre standing there over by the ho hos.
i cant do that,t.  i aint finished yet.
she insulted and sent her out of home.
easy on the ribs, mom.
she recognized you quickly.
what the hell were you thinking?
were not married, michael.
the doctors gone to make a trade, and we both know hell come back emptyhanded, and then...
we cant duplicate their type of power so weve never been able to experiment.
come with me.
i prepared for the end.
dave isnt your friend, hugo... because dave doesnt exist.
dear, students, welcome to bangkok..
she got sick.
you can take a drop.
ready when you are.
i did it myself. it takes a very long time when youre making the thread, but, uh...
no, no, no, no!
see in about thirty minutes.
hes transformed into someone that i love.
youre the cla.
everybodys got a job, hurley. i do my job, you do yours.
related to fred brewer?
thats all it takes, really.
the very soul of the rose.
there have been over a dozen robberies all over the county.
they got the numbers all right, so they think they do as they please.
i dont have a choice.
hours in here were just minutes back home.
do you know atleast her name?
she got her brains fucked out.
after all, how much could you mean to him if he left you here unprotected?
but you can give her a life, a human life.
well, now you know what it was like to be me.
i want... to raise my baby at home. in korea
at lockes  why did you stay?
i know it was like a vacation from our real life, but...
let him go?
no, its not.
my headache is gone.
i loaded all the hay, my
if you dont throw him out of the house today..
once. sort of. i concentrated, and it worked.
you have anything to cut yourself down with?
we have a problem.
whats that gonna tell us?
she was never the same after club zero. judes death devastated her.
what kind of company?
i had to send them back to the lab.
his only condition being... that they were new ones.
sit down. we dont have time.
about 40 hours, each and every day.
god, he talks too much.
you dont touch him ever.
kill your opponent, or make him submit.
he killed rasools gang, kill him.
when you do, ill be right here.
what didnt you understand?
if you are a woman then you are the mom type...
yeah, its late.
i was born, but i wasnt born yesterday, son.
may i have my medication back, please?
theres got to be something. i mean, look at you.
watch where youre going?
britains full of nothing but rumors.
so, youre living here now?
how could he see you?
he was wounded, but he wouldnt leave his men behind.
then we salt him, and we pepper him.
then what evidence shall i show the police.
honey, i dont want zane or laura near the lake today, you hear me?
if this boy changes anything!
the woman in the photographs.
lf you survive, one of us dies lll let go of the rope
like that.  now youre telling me...
somethings blocking the door.
im already under.
i have to tell you something.
its a phone, right?
lord, its a miracle!
i appreciate you coming.
stop! stop! i know you.
if i had my phone, i would just, uh...
why did you do that?
brother, there theyre.
i assure you, once bob and i are done getting acquainted everyone else will get their turn.
we have to.
please, i just need a little time.
youre right, ive got no real reason to doubt him, its just, something in my gut tells me i should.
i aint going to say anything, to anybody, man.
looks like you still need this mule to carry your money.
but you, you believed him.
somebody said you went this way.
what you really do.
what are you doing in front of this house so late in the night?
well, were just gonna have to try our best, hugo, because if we cant talk him out of it...
im gonna get it done.
i know you can hear me.
no. dont stop now.
this was my fault.
hes far more dangerous.
after that we went for dinner.
why would i help the son of a bitch who kidnapped my son?
look, what if it works?
do you think i dont know about your eloping with him?
hes here! and its time, but you have to come now!
janet, come back. dont leave.
its yurek! you fucking assholes!
im the one thats gonna go tell him why. i cant let you do that.
that isnt it!
well, my hair thanks you.
its alison that were talking about here.
when i showed you the broken pieces of plaster, you said you did not want her to get the wrong idea.
i love you, iris.
no word from lex. no ones spoken to him since this morning.
thats not that unusual.
wait! whats he doing here?
1 , 2, 3, 4, 5 i won, i won.
the universally adapted mecha the basis for hundreds of models serving humans in all the multiplicity of daily life.
because you have spoken first, your future in that world shall be good.
you can take the boy off the farm, but you cant take the farm out of the boy.
she strapped you down, she shocked you, all because she thought you were one of them.
its what ive been searching for my whole life.
... doyouthinkshe ever has fantasies...
you said you can repair their technology.
the radar may be malfunctioning, but the infrared is totally off the map.
some peoples metabolisms are just a little slower.
you played drama and i too played my part.
youll get stuck out there... and ill have to get you before another fish does.
we found the transceiver, but its not working.
please tell me you found a coffee bar.
then youll swallow roosters.
you must be seeing things.
yeah, this is holloway in the lobby.
could i have an espresso, please?
a person lives as long as hes destined to live.  but...
just put down  im not putting down anything.
henry i wanted mommy to love me more.
i thought you said 1 1 00.
i dont particularly like you, but...
i dont remember any of this.
i have deceived you.
you want to go, you go.
i was thinking how that could have been me.
bigschool learning, huh?
ill alert miss markham.
tell me, what are your actual relations with this young thing?
i would have thought youd only find out if you won or lost.
it ends. what, are you telling me that she stopped bleeding here?
so, im gonna take off.
nemo its ok.
come, lets go to golconda fort.
it just means ive had to take the initiative, develop my own leads.
you jeopardized your location and your mission, holy amo.
i can explain myself a little better.
thats right, john, the heart.
im gonna have to insist on, uh
getting ready to go. the starters in position.
maybe you can help me with it.
not very good with babies.
that there is none like him in the earth.
gave in to my emotions.
go away from here, steve!
didnt like them that much anyway.
you have to let me explain this.
get on the train!
bender before your new class?
please... flowery air,flowery air, she came like a flower,
you found it here?
i wanna help.
caius will be interested to know that shes still human.
we can get through this wall, we can get into the pipe.
no you didnt, you were looking at the monitor.
your school needs you on the field.
do you smell anything funny?
i dont know!
you deserve to know everything that i do, so... no more secrets.
and im the map
see it before you do it.
i just followed your advice.
the only way that you are going to get better is if you take this pill.
i see youve given a preliminary statement.
that if all the bees in the world die..
david, ill get it!
has she forgiven you for quitting the squad?
were you in love with her?
dont use the upstairs bathroom. its backed up. i have to snake the pipes.
would you be so kind and shut down my pain receivers?
i see you.
yeah, he has to come in.
dont you guys listen to bagpipe music?
i like the ambiance.
you know, i really wanna be left alone..
well take responsibility for her.
who are you and why are you following me?
its because of the doomsday button, isnt it?
whatd they say about your job?
i did it again.
i was thinking that i might teach.
..to the numerology.
the wallets worth more than that.
give me the damn keys!
yeah.  oh, my god, im sorry.
arent you gonna help us, ramona?
and what do you do?
lists. i get it now.
i thought i heard a noise out here!
enemy fire, keep your head down!
no, you had the spaceship and the bodies!
sure, all the time. sometimes we even play chess.
back it up, now!  sorry.
whats nearthis bridge?
master wadia taught me a lot of things.
shut up, jason.
what do you want me to say?
not only me, nobody here knows it.
you want to be an outsider?
boss, im in golconda fort. where are you now?
dont you worry.  i aint ever coming back here.
and now im supposed to consult you?
we got white chocolate rap from my man. that should finish the new mix?
polar bears? you didnt hear about the polar bear?
dont worry. im not gonna tell.
well step back when we get some wind blowing in here.
he was. now hes more of an oncall specialist.
are you with me?
hi.  newest member of the pack.
two or three meteors just impacted.
save some for me.
im so happy i found you!
we have to go, jack.
that office is all shookup!
yes, i am.
or so help me god, i will kill you.
... its just all these people are
there is no before.
youre reading her diary?
thats a gorgeous brain.
its safer for you if i dont talk about it.
i hear some of those kids down at your school can be a real handful.
yeah, cut off petersons finger.
well need night vision.
whats going on with you?
come out or else ill piss on ur door!
what kind of fish was that?
now make them drink the milk.
i appreciate you making time for me, you are the only one i can talk to.
now its like the hurt locker.
michael was right.
did you do this because you thought id reinstate miss sullivan?
like i said, weve known each other a long time.
tell me right now!
just think of me as a supervisor whos here to make sure things are under control as we approach... the big event.
jonathan, thats enough.
now it appears that teammates are working on the young independent.
as many fires in this city should be put out as possible when the alarm sounds.
and i was honest with her from the beginning, but she wouldnt hear it.
oh, my god. im so sorry. sam, i forgot.
last labor day weekend, drunk driver ran the light.
what can i do for ya?
come, let me see who will dare come after us.
the two people youre looking for  faraday and lewis...
its not our problem anymore.
this calls for a celebration.
sayid said were not alone.
i had brought 25 girls.
how do i know you havent hurt him?
i need you to take me to something manmade, something that was built, any kind of a landmark.
a math professor.
my people are already on it as we speak.
weve got the girls lubed up
well... why dont i go make you a cup?
were deciding which placement applications to support.
youre young and have good future, if you try any girl, youll get them.
what, you smell blood on the wind?
only i dont know the names.
..dont consider them my own..
kalpana, im a bit busy.
sam had no quitting in him.
bad news is you missed it.
john, youve been coming here for a month now...
and he knows how i feel about you.
what do you do?
what you got?
what do you want to do, lmmy?
so i retaliated.
do you know that hes been smoking since the age of eight?
there must be access routes that cut through the maze.
do you have any idea what time it is?
im out of the office, you know?
dont say youre not a brahmin.
you detect that?
i could be a friend to you.
baby, this whole thing has gotten completely out of hand.
and threatened to kill even more.
cant i risk my life for you?
you want me to climb onboard and stop it?
nell doesnt really talk about it much.
why dont you understand..
sixty, 65 days.
two people have come from chennai, one of them says shes madams grand daughter.
cause if we dont get in that room,
couldnt be better.
i mean, seriously how often do you really look at a mans shoes?
michael were losing it! its sinking! stop the boat.
i need to be doing something.
recovery is not sitting around!
but not the cello.
ill do what i have to to stop him.
you tell my parents that i fought well today.
and without asking a single question, ibrahim agreed to sacrifice him.
i got to get the giblets out!
what you made me do, no human being should ever have to do to another.
forty would have never lasted!
because i can find my own way to square things with cobol.
do you think its real?
we try again.
i made my usual 20 percent, of course.
you ready to tell me why she was wrong?
the bottle with the messages that they brought with them?
whats wrongmom? didnt you like it?
im gonna be here for you.
but hes ruining the soup! we got to tell someone that hes...
how are we supposed to save him?
you killed me.
just let me go before it finds me.
its all in your head, my friend.
it cant be allowed!
pick him up.
master wadia lives somewhere here.
im with you.
someones out there.
you mean your pal sayid?
dont make her do that.
you live at 27 counting lane, randolph.
and if you change your mind, youre welcome to come back here and do some real good.
they may have upgraded their communication by now, but the same standard bulletproof windows.
if they wanted you out, they could just fire you.
ravi, take me away from here. please.
and diego moving back home after lisa left him for that waitress.
i owe you an apology.
i have a man watching sayid.
im fine. i just need to eat.
i need to make sure i know how im getting up there, so when the time comes...
im on bamboo duty, but sometimes i help refill the water.
...just see... coming!
ill raise the bet.
where have you been?
they used wires and went from one building to the other?
dont forgive me.
come to us!
whatever you tell em, they aint gonna believe you.
i know theyre lying.
dont call me darling.
we shouldnt do this in the middle of nowhere.
i... ran into something.
so it sounded like something was kind of bothering you.
get away from me.
he destroyed the transceiver!
you were the principal of this college, you still are..
i was feeling pretty good about my gift, until dad gave me a job.
i dont believe in lying.
just shut it down. shut it down!
no. he wouldve felt that coming on.
i dont know how, uh... helpful i can be.
my mother is emily locke.
why, yes, john, it is.
yes sir my director had told me.... when any extraordinary student comes... go go go...go study...
whats going on? they found your friend.
asking for your help was the stupidest thing i ever did.
eww.. look at that.
just what i need... a duck.
youre positively beaming, boss.
so ecofield was a sham.
coz shes lovable.
mister rattle mouth, what else can you tell me?
how late do they let you stay up?
what are you...?
i can achieve it.
those little hooker holes were right on!
the girls are here only.
fiona has been locked away in that tower far too long.
i can go only if i know the destination, right?
i hope youre...
cant let it go?
because this is where it gets complicated.
you dont need me.
its not bad.
theyre trying to make themselves into better killers.
ive got my sources.
we gotta work together.
then what the hell do you want?
just turn your mind off. let it take effect.
that is so not good.
ln a bangalore bus...
nikabrik was my friend too.
your daddy didnt have the heart to tell his son that he was looking for a suicide doper who was never coming home.
i see them.
come on, sean, lets go.
give it up, jeremy.
are you larry...?
vishal, let him go!
i feel like i can get through to him.
that doesnt matter anymore.
accept what happened?  let go? yeah.
that goes beyond me.
mr. president, my name is khan and im not a terrorist.
thank you sir.
the sooner he gets accustomed to adventures, the better.
ben is on our side.
why do you want me to meet your kids?
two minutes, then we keep moving.
yes, please do something.
woman can i help you, sir?
were in the dharma initiative.
i believe in love, but after marriage.
now go get my chequebook!
im implying that i decide who stays and who goes, and you stay.
anyway. lts going on.
how many weeks in are you?
jenny is in goa?
i just desire for you.
you understand me?
well, now i think im seeing them.
oh i see... how have you been?
bad news, im afraid.
no, i dont prefer, and whats more, i dont intend to drive around in a car that talks back to me.
did my little fergus make a big, grownup ogre stink?
i have the only set of keys.
make me yours my beloved...
this is a group playing touch football.
you got no sack.
what about royce?
turn around for me, will you?
go back, vincent! vincent!
you were so rude to theresa.
he has to be in new england for a couple of weeks,
how come you always tell us to say cheese?
each station has a gun hidden in it, and i know where they keep it.
i want it approached from all sides, and well work our way in.
but become a support of your father.
hey, well, dont go this way, man.
what are you doing by the window there?
he was russian and she was tlingit, and back then you had to get approval from every member of the tribe before you got married.
show us what youve got.
yes, jesus can bring you a new car.
is surging to the crust, melting ice... built up over thousands of years!
hello. oh, hi, henry.
right over here, charlie.
this is our house. we belong here.
i dont wanna talk about it.
youd better come quickly.
and where is here?
just look around...
how about from this one?
after that light, i...
pull back the tree and shoot me into the pond!
he looks like a 3540 year old man.
of course, i have no welding iron, no rivets, scorched wiring, and it seems i must continue to lie  to anyone who asks me what it is im actually doing!
nice picture quality.
i think were supposed to go to them.
ive never tried it.
there wasnt going to be a flood!
just few days only, lets adjust.
you... you know, maybe you, um... maybe you like it here.
..may have been a racial attack.
i turn, i feel the wind, i turn very strong.
next time if i see you again, ill not leave you half dead like this.
once an idea has taken hold of the brain, its almost impossible to eradicate.
youre not the most observant person.
ah, dont consider it a permanent condition.
not unless you knew someone.
and then what?
if i miss this meeting, the whole deals a bust, all right?
please raise your right hand. do you swear to tell the truth,the whole truth,
stay away from hugo.
well start over, all right?
buddy, take your finger off that button.
i was just asking some questions. he mustve misunderstood me.
to avoid temptation, brother.
yall having fun, huh?
ill give it to you.
i mean, how does this a person know stuff only ali knew?
my name is khan, and im not a terrorist.
yes, i am moving in here.
it is a full time job
i tied this side down.
im gonna get you some help grace.
look at me, boy.
somebody, let me out! please let me out.
radio says there is a storm on the way.
ive put in for your reassignment to intelligence division, if you still wish it.
jacob you stay the hell out of my head.
where do you go to school anyway?
i dont think i hit him hard enough.
the good news is, the deals three times market value.
will ice cream do for now?
with my life. im just saying...
im a hundred years old now.
theyre still looking at us.  yeah, it was worth a shot.
yeah, its in his imagination.
legally, my share of the property will be transferred in my name..
do you see him now? because you have snuck in... im sorry, but their future in that world shall be good.
i couldnt let you rise to your fathers last taunt.
yeah, lets go, lets go, lets go, lets go!
i was thinking that..
you didnt have a problem with that?
didnt kill that one.  which one did you kill?
hes right. go.
isnt that odd?
if you need anything, please call me.
it was weird and green.
howd you find me here?
merchandise. you mean drugs.
its got this kind of...
what do you think it is?
im talking about soaring with nothing but air beneath you.
where are you going?
their electromagnetic bombardment shorted our hardware.
youre looking at the starting tailback for this fridays game.
call your father that!
and what does a webelos do?
so for now youre still you.
if you play hockey, you play this side!
im dropping the kent farm as a proposed site.
today we wait for the response of the government officials..
indeed they are.
this here is bullshit!
hes the husband of my daughter.
i dont think so.
does wayne know about this?
then all of a sudden,
but its too late now, farhan!
i dont know what happened.
wow, youre a modernday kaspar hauser.
why would you say that?
just get me away from here!
you did that well.
dory, are you ok...
team three will be handling fish. team four, roasted items.
and theres gonna be a pathway of art tiles.
pull over to the side.
and... you guys are all members of the dharma initiative.
lucky for you...
hes not always there when you want him but hes always there when you need him.
have a good day.
how could you send her away?
i didnt hurt it.
you really nailed him.
i know its no use having friends you cant trust.
seenu, just die temporarily.
thanks, little chef.
youre just not looking at the big picture, doc.
i have to get some air.
one, two, three, four, five, six.
its a big responsibility.
something you wanna add, captain hiller?
i cant stay.
not once, but think hundred times, ahaana. please.
you dont remember me, do you?
there must be some way vishal.
think about it, shrek. to be feared and hated.
we were going to lose delillo to viking.
open the door, go in.
the information is in the safe.
no, i dont want to...
but now ive just reached the road leaving her at home, this seems very long, priya.
pushing a button?
louis xvi was taken to the scaffold.
lana, i didnt know you were volunteering here.
what is it with you and doctors?
i met your friend.
l cant spend a minute without you oh i am yours
why are you so interested in my kid?
my guys, lets go!
its not it.
what part of me are you?
its.... her uncle sachin...
well, i can get you out of these woods.
im sorry, man. i just cant do it.
all that pain you feel, theres only one way to make it stop.
yeah, but hes been destroying communities like this for years.
you mean our poo?
this was meant to be.
he was a good guy.
now were walking.
ok, jack, we tell everyone.
bender those who strike out are stuck with her friends. martin
the bands really on tonight, huh?
i dont believe you, by the way.
and i think ill keep this, as insurance.
and a very good one indeed.
we must move quickly.
okay, listen. nine...
its time to put you to work.
i need you to hold on tight. can you hold on tight to me?
you can head onboard.
we hit the pocket!
it was when terms were good, now added interest.
we move fast.
yeah. we need to time the contractions. thats what you do.
at the wedding...
youre making me nervous.
just when were all required to play our part in the national revival.
dont trust her.
im talking about the other bloodsucker who tried to kill bella because of you.
and once they cleared, i looked down, and i saw the most beautiful, big fat nothing.
jarrod, check this out.
maybe i should give you the mask.
if you were innocent, im sorry.
i thought i heard someone else. no.
i wanted to thank you for your advice on skye.
how bad could it be?
so get ready to give me more of that bite.
im into this problem...
you didnt tell em?
dammit maya...you cant die!
scare me to death, something that big.
your brother is entirely beyond control
when did you come, sir?
yeah, i know.
you should be happy, then. it means lex is going back to metropolis and out of our lives.
you didnt even think about what wed feel...
there are other things besides work.
isnt it, mother?
the key to the box now.
the secrets we kept.
no, i am not a divorcee.
rosen id like you to come with me, john.
buy something and complete my quota..
the torch is suspended until i can appoint a new editor.
you can watch that.
why wouldnt you show yourself?
..anything about me.
it worked out just fine... till the president decided to hire a brandnew executive assistant.
were not there yet...
look, i dont...
my employer is an economist.
can you do this?  you better believe it!
today, we have the opportunity.
so sweet you are.
i think this is totally the wrong place to do this
he stood his ground to the very end.
if the counters right its been playing over and over for 16 years.
shreya the clown!
miles, we cant just leave her here.
i am almost at your location,sarah,
you feel like playing?
i have seen my soul!
im just saying, if you wanted to say goodbye to bernard.
im leading an expedition to an island, and on the island is a man that will be very difficult to find.
clark, this morning i had a surprise visit from one of lionel luthors people.
those things are actually really heavy, so...
and if theres anything out there, well see it on this radar screen here.
we aint gonna get caught.
close your eyes.
yes, thats what i said your brother.
and i promise youre gonna thank me for this later.
dont avoid the question, clark.
which will be hard, since youve waited for this date since your first growth spurt.
i wont lose it this time.
what did i tell you after whats happened?
i swore an oath of honor never to abandon you.
victory will be yours.
a girl was shot... and killed.
i know this is probably one of those times i should just let things go but id kind of like to know whats going on.
what are you, part bloodhound?
is everything okay?
pretty soon, no one will believe you even existed.
we can marry again and begin with a scent thats not in short supply.
the war was not as it had seemed
..were just put into the jail, like my brother.
you have command until we get back.
so, good night, sleep tight, and dont let the bed bugs bite. because there are literally thousands of them. and theres probably something in your closet.
ill go to hyderabad and abduct any of his relative or friend.
to meet rancho!
he was there at staggs office.
i want to get home tonight!
if that cupcakeeating clown finally leaves the safety of his filthy witch nest hell be vulnerable.
where did you get the bills?
you inspire me.
i thought it might.
were gonna modify each vehicle, adding reinforced steel plating, bulletproof glass, and roll cages to at least give the drivers a fighting chance.
why on earth was she?
ill see you back at the house?
but my heart just asks me one question..
i know it may not seem like a lot of money to some of you, but its a lot to me.
let us all say the pledge. i am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine.
too many people. more than seoul?
you ever think about what we put into our mouths?
if theres something that you want to tell me, daniel, now would be a good time.
tell me where you are right now we want to meet you just now...
flat on your back with my hand in your abdominal cavity?
now, its time to get out.
claire and the baby ok?
calm down and think about it a minute.
get a few beers in him and hell tell you all about it.
get him up!
im going to meet calcutta baba, you comb every slum in hyderabad.
but you know im understaffed.
he thinks im making all this up, that none of it really happened.
well go after closing time.
damn it,freckles.i aint here to stop you.
yeah, he... he never had any intention to... to fix the other side.
let me just check. ill just be back.
you must never hurt anyones feelings.
why are you so hostile?
come on, out of the way!
im working on it!
im getting all emotional. i might just give you big wet kiss.
at first it looked like a garbage dump for ufo sightings, alien abduction reports, the kind of stuff most people laugh at.
oh, i know thats true.
id like to try, with permission. a letter a week.
where did you find her?
you know, why dont we take that picture?
when i flew overhead, i saw a base not too far from here.
whered you find that?
god knows we gotta have over 100 crossings that need to be secured.
how do you like that one, boy?
he was released the same day the bank was hit.
but pavel says i...
its not the perps. its the bureaucracy.
must be one of rousseaus traps.
i know, i know. ok, tell gammy im sorry. ok?
drop the weapon!
we should get moving before it happens again, okay?
go on. ill tell you what to think.
even if... if you dont agree with him.
your call helped them arrest dr. rehman.
i made a mistake.
i read your psych records... about how your daddy raped his mongoloid sister, and then nine months later, little teddy pops out.
devon, its my car. i have the registration.
so ill wait.
im harper stanhope.
a man who terrorises laai maati
its driving me nuts.
it was nice to meet you.
hes a really decent man.
you want to blow up the entire building?
we lost contact with captain hiller and levinson nearly 20 minutes ago.
he needs to take pauls body back with him. no.
i stepped on a friggin urchin!
of course it is.
it was quite hot outside.
claire. and this is aaron.
im sayid jarrah one of the oceanic six.
whats that in your hand?
we can get into the pipe, we can get into the infirmary.
then whose was it? their leaders.
but, what i do know is that, if fibonacci testifies next month, you and i are gonna be neighbors.
are you creating more troubles in different states?
which of the following numbers
all right, guys, lets back up.
shes not gonna let the whole bodypart incident delay the opening of the talon.
does it matter?
martin gentlemen, the great john nash.
but, alas, im stuck with me.
i was over... by the church.
honey, please try to understand.
this is how its gonna have to be.
eddie. you shouldnt be here.
maybe in mumbai?
you wouldnt know how to get there, would you?
she owns the largest wedding business in the u. s.
youre taking me home.
he just care for you.
mr president, with your permission, id like to remain at your side.
id better get to that fence before dinner.
shes not supposed to see this until our anniversary.
youre such a charmer and everyone likes you so much.
bring it in!
and when i opened my eyes, standing above me was the creator.
ill train him.
got some new moves?
thank you! thats more than ive uncovered the past two days.
same old same old.
ive been having these dreams.
mom said if you want some more, you have to call holland.
its done. we left, and we were never important.
for catching animals?
you said that we were going to get out of here.
dont you need this?
just cleaning up after myself.
what do you want from me?
up to two minutes.
yeah, when you were a real ogre!
we are getting late now.
yep, and none of them from a.
and the home you are talking about was never mine in the first place... and will never be.
but we cant feel each other.
and when they werent here, he would play pingpong with me.
get the hell out of the way!
henna on your palms, staining your clothes lt isnt his fault. i asked him to come here
honey, go back.
that has gotta be the stupidest thing ive ever heard.
why are they doing this to us?  im not sure.
well let johnny fever take care of her when he gets better.
..and who, in his own words, is not a terrorist..
carrie castle. im a staff reporter for the metropolis journal.
even if he was, theres nothing you can do.
not as much as i was.
but what do i do?
you mean your husband was fired?
thats not something you want to see, john.
theres been an accident in the caves.
happy birthday, my good boy.
the door stays closed.
get them indebted by doing small favours.
fine, seeing as we have no rope to make sure these two dont try to kill us again.
we cant go against beera, sir
agent dana scully.
hey, you couldnt have stopped mardon from attacking.
hell be impressed with aarush and leave.
of course, if you dont agree, i will tell the world what i know.
get your hand up, keep your elbows straight just guide the ball with your fingers.
clark, what are you doing?
but it doesnt look familiar.
ive done something without asking you.
maybe i want to get caught... maybe im just tired
i dont worry. i can keep a secret.
you seem to forget im the law around these parts.
i think he likes you a little too much.
this is the time to make mistakes.
and if id stayed in his life, i could have saved his life.
john, put the girl down.
so, listen carefully.
please, please, please.
what the hell is this?
what do you mean she disappeared?
thats rather presumptuous, no?
well, well give them.
you said she loved cheerleading. she hated it, but was afraid to quit.
you know it?
what is that?
you dont have to look so happy.
my parents are dead.
ill break your hands.
go ahead, 25. this is 64.
okay, i will arrange for some money.
whatd they do to you?
oh, just what i thought.
its a loop. iteration. its repeating the same message.
go to his home, get it confirmed and call me.
come.  your aunt has given birth to a son.
how the hell did that happen?
because youll be together.
cynthia, keefe is a target!
okay. all right. im on my way.
you have to do it.
the quake opened that up, now its a connecting passage.
what is your blood type?
that was just a theory.
my moms addicted to discovery channel.
i want you to show him the ropes.
do we have to bring this crap..?
you look like that scarecrow kid.
dont talk to me about the baby.
nothin is impossible? hanh?
you can either be part of it, or you can be left behind.
this is tom lewis.
come on, clark. lets go. move it, move it.
my name is gem.
what, but that he was, um, disappointed?
whats this boy?
commitment was never your thing.
we have a security camera.
well, i wanted to... wanted to say hello, but then you left with...
no one likes to feel someone else messing around in their mind.
he wont even let me have a peek.
more bathroom reading.
god bless you, jenny!
hard to believe, highstrung as he was.
this is the 21st century.
commis, commis, theyre cooks.
that check should cover your vindication.
im ready to do anything for you.
its a female, caucasian.
are we good?
only to study.
lets go and find your dad.
do not get on that plane.
leave me alone!
i never taught you to be a thief.
we only want for your happiness.
youve got the fastest car out there, except the porsche.
screaming kate hey, get back!
dude, theyll find out.
the mothers at mass general.
you guys have any luck?
its not about what you need. its about whats fun.
how are we gonna bring fischer back?
what? where are you?
they were blackmailing me, clark.
hey, come here.
its true, dad. i took a field trip.
experience makes us strong, dorian.
when you grow up.
you lived up to your word.
just like i know why you wanted that haliburton case so bad.
because of your painting...
theyve been moving farther and farther north.
ive never had a onenight stand.
not because im in here or because you think i should.
then you go back to fenway park.
face into water
all right, get out of here. go.
oh i am stronger now
whyd you do it?
you cant speak whale! i have to get out!
im not a psychiatrist.
keep it with you.
i want you to look at these things... and think about em.
youre not welcome here anymore.
so... you wake up in the middle of the night, grab your jesus stick, and race off into the jungle.
why are you laughing?
thank you, spirit of the west. amen.
and come what may, you must get him to come.
okay. thank you for keeping us safe.
should i return it or set it down?
well, if the others didnt wipe out the dharma initiative
id like to introduce you to someone.
that shows you how fast theyre going.
can we please talk about something else?
you made me fire that flare.
you cant talk like that to my daughter...
all these good folks here believe your little stories, dont they?
dont you want her to come back?
he had to go for an urgent shoot...
i saw them going the other day. is it just lots of hay and stuff?
change is good, hugo.
city wont put any money into that place.
one time i forgot, and she yelled at me.
if youd stayed here like i suggested, they definitely would be!
he said that you would come and see me.
because circumstances have changed.
having choices, making decisions based on more than instinct is the only thing that separates you from him.
an automated dictation system.
lets go back.
youve had your time, john.
you gotta find a sword, luke. you gotta find a sword plate.
seeing your picture always cheers me up.
and i told him about whats going on.
you meant to from the start. youre a liar.
if we dont...
you just happen to have a suitcase full of cash, and you go to pick it up and then the lock just happens to break?
think shes making this up?
i said, everyone back to your cells now, convicts!
the mighty allah saved ismails life.
dr. bensley, what are we dealing with here?
thas not a solution.
you dont remember, do you?
your money from 04 is safe and accruing interest.
im in jail.
well, you havent sprained it, then.
remember, the guns are a measure of the last resort.
i hoped youd come back.
you need to make a choice, dear.
previously on lost
youve been through a lot of shit.
aeeeeeeeeeee no..i swear on dad..i swear on dad..im tellin the truth yaar!
but when he is with me.. he reacts..
imagine the effect that would have on conflict scenarios
what will he do by reading it?
hey, you in or you out, dude?
i really believed she was dead.
david, talk to me.
what was that sound? what was that light?
where have you been?
i had mono and missed the deadline.
ill not accept.
im sorry, hes not available.
youre not going to be late for once.
i shouldve stayed home.
that depends if its on the record or not.
what do we do when we get to a railroad crossing?
how much does he owe you?
thereve been dozens of incidents the past 10 years.
on inquiry i found it was true.
i will not sit in some villa for the rest of my days, rotting and remembering.
all i have for you is sympathy.
i watch the skies, for it is mine to watch as it is yours to remember, badger.
whoever did is staying out of the action.
you know that.
why dont you give me the keys, dad?
will you ever deceive me?
ithe to reach on this address quickly so i left in costume.
she gave it to me before she died.
i suggest you shut up and shoot!
well, down in the dream, mal showing up.
only if im alive by then...
l didnt expect this in my life.
trust me. im sure.
arent you gonna get that?
ranvir, you cant do this.
we are stuck in a bloody snow globe!
you want a pizza and a pedicure, too?
one more thing.
i thought learning to drive my dads volvo was difficult but at least the car had windshield wipers.
youre not in a hurry to pack?
were you expecting a call?
dude,that is so stupid. yeah.
just so you know, i cant be your friend.
go on. play us a tune.
open mind about what?
of course, he is.
nothing, look around the house.
oh, yeah. give me another stick.
nine years later when you were born... we felt that our family was now complete.
heard a bit of a ruckus at the rixs house. gosh, you know, i guess we really shouldve seen it coming.
jenny made a mistake.
and you are going to be that man.
youre trying to keep her alive.
get in the car.
i loved you the first moment that i saw you.
coke can on top of the alien craft?
i can find him. i dont want.
couldnt priya find anyone else to lecture on antismoking?
take it to joys window hey joy, up up ooye window... see silencer naked naked heheh ehhe hey joy come out joy
i told you that we will get you married.
youre, like, the wussiest person ive ever met.
the question of whether or not were alone in the universe has been answered.
umm..now what shall i say yaar?
who was that, the plumber?
weve been sitting here all day. show us italy.
but what does matter is that you listen to me and that you believe me.
information given by the rescued girls has led to a countrywide crackdown.
were just gonna have to bring him on board.
im asking you to keep this conversation just between us.
fine. take him to the hospital.
narsing is already powerful, he may not need me.
its an early warning system.
...you have to say it you can... come in..
youre trying to make everyone else happy, but youre already giving away too much.
yeah, you should.
im gonna shift the features on your face if you dont shut up!
i say we put him in the armoury.
you do want the money, dont you?
hes.. the.. cook.
if he had any proof of anything, he wouldnt be wasting his time at demolition derbies... or letting himself get locked up.
jim, where the hell are you?
locke and eko went in the night.
... isoutof considerationfor me?
i didnt do anything...!
and what are they about to do?
anything you want. its yours.
i like that i have a good relationship with my mom.
you tripping on something, alice?
then let there be light.take me home.
no, come on in.
sheriff, we didnt kill nobody.
bluefish river area.
its a great place.
he never cared.
were so intent on pointing the finger at one another that were ignoring the simple undeniable truth that the problem isnt here, its there!
he knows things. theres nothing to talk about.
no matter what hes become he is my son
there was a woman there...
heres your ticket.
i am a fixer when it comes to my family.
its a journey of selfdiscovery.
youve already rejected six of my proposals.
as long as you know when youre gonna die.
whats going to happen?
at exactly the same time, hot and perfect!
if the chemicals can eat through the iron pipes, how come they cant eat through the toothpaste tube?
maybe you can change all that when you get up there.
i dont remember what he did to me.
i thought we agreed, no presents.
i can make this..i can make it how?
living like a parasite.
i was confused where to go, there i met uncle and sister.
dont touch me, you lowlife piece of...
he was arrested.
im nowhere near it.
wheres the plane?
but let me warn you..
i wanted to talk to him.
itll keep off sand fleas?
when i was young, he was my idol, not to mention hes bald.
and you saythis aint personal.
we can blow this case.
what did i do to your feelings?
it was taken just after the talon opened.
with a fairy hand in hand
you cant get rid of me.
who talked to you?
devika is my..
youre scaring me again. what is going on?
an only child
i was blinded.
look, honey, all i have to do is find his mother, tell her hes still on the island, and then im done with this for good.
the last thing we want is an enemy on the police force.
i go to hendon house.
if you give up this right, anything you say can be held against you in court.
we havent done anything wrong.
stuttering i would have gone up, but...
..but today his love has brought us together in a way..
we were part of a science team.
something went into my eye.
wanna hear something freaky?  carters wife was killed...
not because you really wouldnt want to.
make them wear bikinis!
no offense. we just work faster this way, okay?
i saw the bride.
did you say something?
when faraday returned to the island, he was very explicit about his timetable.
whats your problem with this mr. fischer?
why are you silent?
elsa, you believe in this, too.
got you! i got you!
she may need her toes someday. and lets face it, i am hotter than you.
there is no home.
yes, london times.
i break rocks.
what was your husbands name?
... there, there, my child, you are safe now
im gonna need two months up front.
she stayed with locke.
dont touch it.
nato and western allied installations were the first to be taken out.
dr. graiman,diverting even the smallest amount of power at this time will cause a substantial increase in internal temperature.
youre gonna get struck by lightning.
is he always so...?
they have you.
isnt she brilliant?
thats what i call a close encounter.
youre a computer,kitt.
shell pay for the sins of the father then.
dont throw it on the bed.
ha ha! that took guts, kid.
i guess you havent found it yet.
well, obviously the diesel fuels a concern.
were you following me?
will, use hand signals! hand signals!
i wont change my decision.
are these all our old trip tshirts?
listen, youre gonna do great.
we realized that her blood pressure was continuing to drop precipitously.
whats up with her?
i bring good tidings of great joy.
you all right?
did they do something wrong?
you lived up to your word.
he fooled me again.
no more games, lex.
what do you know about some c4 boosted out of nevada?
without water, that land is useless.
ive got two tickets for the skybox at the metropolis sharks game sunday.
but i got better.
im trying to make amends here.
yeah, all of it.
hush, hush, hush.
so when you re feeling tits, its nothing more than your professionalism?
what do you want?
i have papayas and papayas.
no, thats okay.
i dont know... mom, aunt?
id like you to meet mr. cobb.
please listen to me.
ill try not to disappoint them.
she just wouldnt admit it.
we dont know that.
hold him down!
all right, lets see what we got.
cause i said so.
after i get this thing up and running, i am back on the road... and out of your hair for the next few years.
from what youve said...
i dont really remember what i watched.
5000 horses, shes not a hotshot, but shes still got some life left in her, over.
everythings gonna be ok.
this is beautiful. whered you get it?
ill fetch us some drinks.
its time for sean to leave.
going way back.
pump till i get it started. itll be enough to get to the island.
give me your gun.
i need to ask a favor of you, sun.
im sure miss markham could arrange something, if need be.
all of you, stay back! lets go! move back!
who are you talking to?
i know i sure do.
didi dont wait for me.
will you do an underwear ad?
hold the circle!
maybe he was already on the island before we were.
bit large for a diningroom table.
weve gotta finish up.
there is only one way you can get jasmine
i pulled your record corporal.
back off. her husband did this.
ill see you in a couple hours.
mama... just see my painting...
ls it the call of first love ?
what is that about?
oh... thank you. looks like ramones wrapping it up.
its michael knight!
dont lose that.
chin up, dear boy.
stop that soup!
you want a weapon, bitch?
dont use the gun.
i mean you guys are old friends and..
they are all very well.
all right, thats it.
but didnt you write it?
who cares about birds of australia?
mr. mishra is coming with his daughter to see you.
after you release our man, im gonna need you to do something else.
something like what?
dont do this.
you like him, dont you?
are they here now?
because it was the right thing to do.
i know what this looks like, what people think.
you must.  you fix up your mind.
flesh and blood. and warmth.
and who are you? hes my associate.
this is just shitty pipe dreams.
no expiration date, no i.d.
what? its busy?
it could see in infrared.
emile, swing to me.
well, what do you want me to say?
come on. one more time!
she said this in my dream.
how should i tell you how i feel about you?
where do you think they got it?
your forms good, but his gaits off.
forty years ive been asking permission to piss.
mama jenny said by remembering and talking about them..
they wont understand why we do it.
its about to get worse too.
what about work?
one of these days, im going to find you and im going to give youthis letter so youll remember what you done to me.
everyones gone to bring him back.
im sorry, id really like to help you, miss hooper.
heres your seat.
what the hell am i supposed to do?
i took it off.
it was just a stupid prank.
yeah, if youre talking about that guy at fox river, hes got nothing to do with this.
im speaking for horace, and shes delivering this baby.
is there, is there a computer in this godforsaken town? ok. so when it runs out, it gives you a warning.
stay where you are.
my daughter was like a fairy.
ls it? then kiss me.
and she said... no matter what hes gonna grow up to be,its wrong to let a kid die.
i really didnt have much of a choice, did i?
you guys were in 1954?
mines out there for all the world to see.
.you have reached montgomery county emergency services.
she ought to be.
thats called stammering, mother.
you thought i was dead.
i have to give him to them so hell be safe.
who shouldve been butchers.  dont say that.
allow me to pay you.
take your meds, hurley.
rufus went to make some more.
yeah, i wouldnt mind seeing mom.
..and then, i dont know.
hey! where you going? !
i just killed a man whos been perched outside this facility for the last week.
so how many pies did you want?
flavors that are wow...
son of a bitch actually did it!
im so weary of eating lobster with mayonnaise every time were invited for dinner.
if you too join, itll add one more.
what if we are dead?
when you went into the procedure?
you mean to say that you deliberately listened in on a private conversation?
ill buy that girl is suffering some kind of pronounced psychosis.
we can work it out on our own.
what do you want?
i talked to the das office in raymon county, oregon.
most people think its crazy.
good to know
you have a strong heart.
whenever it met me, gave me tears.
and two guns is all i saw.
..then ill repent it all my life.
i think its time we all had a talk.
which chess set?
i wish i didnt have a reason!
atever miles has to say to ben,he can say to me.
it belongs to my father.
october 12, 2007
purchase...entire family is up there.
hey, you went for it.
i thought that i saw something.
scheduled to die next week for the murder of president reynolds brother.
i will not owe lex luthor anything, thank you.
chloes researching your life for a school project?
ana lucia and libby...
thats right, mr.
if he fails to go there, hell die.
the doorman will find a cab for you.
no, im not a spy.
well enlight the name of ice!
time to break out the big guns.
... wheres your big happy family? ...
andrew, theyre not gonna find out, ok? just relax.
ive already saved benjamin linus, and i did it for you, kate.
my life is not miserable.
youre kiddin, right?
you know, i wanted them to take you.
crystal, get the sand rat up here
i love such places.
..similarly theres santacruz east and santacruz west in mumbai.
i know how this sounds. believe me, its... its hard to explain.
and trust me, when they do, we had better be far away from here.
the one besides her.
that i can achieve, speaks my confidence.
but hes ok?
i feel controlling him is difficult.
theres no answer.
white swan, up in ten.
hes dead. we have to find the other!
it used to take hours.
ill come only if my friend too joins me.
as soon as i joined the gang i asked what my first assignment is, to kill anyone?
here in the town of dirt, we happen to have the finest financial institution this side of the missouri.
its fine, thank you.
that, and some unfinished business.
how are your contacts in chemical lockup?
oh, i see how it is.
well never make it.
we thought it would be fun.
its just an evacuation, buddy. hes in charge.
i havent been sleeping because i want everyone to feel safe.
yes, youre beautiful, fearful, fragile.
and i aint got no problem with this rattlesnake jake.
all we do is boring, old history.
hurley, cause if you think working in the kitchen is bad...
well, i got news for you.
charles john, please!
i just cant pick you up.
people come and go, but...
i need help.
and you are a monster.
as you will find in multivariable calculus, there is often a number of solutions for any given problem.
youre not my father!
i dont even know who i am.
i love you.
i am not going out there along. i just keeps ringing.
what are you doing at this hour?
why you ask?
im sorry. i love you, jenny.
something like 50 years.
why dont you build us a fire?
pick it up. pick it up. lets go.
down with teachers?
well, thats still yet to be confirmed, im afraid, ron, as busy king street is starting to get back to normal right now.
just cant believe i never saw it before.
what is it?
shes an innocent girl.
i need out.
hes not gonna find us.
so ive decided to do a poll. now, if you would both please do your statistical duty.
any one of us can die,jack.
since youre not having any luck with the hunting, maybe you should help michael.
come on, live a little.
we need a favor.
wait, wait, why are you screaming?
aeee are u giving god a contract to kill?
youll have to talk to caesar.
yes, yes, in paris.
thats your baby boy.
since you continue to play obstructionist ive had to find information through other means.
ill pick it up again.
dont you wanna... save him?
sweets for all occassions... whether an engagement or wedding.
my dad needs me on the farm.
what a great idea.
unless, of course, specifically so ordered by its pilot.
why, should there be?
come on. lets eat something.
its time to finish this.
yeah. johnson in foxtrot told me that he was going on
for this machine i am.  look here, jackson.
get a ride with your mother.
he told me im very good.
so, what do you do for a living, my friend?
no, its shrek!
i know youre having a tough time, but its amazing what youve done with the place.
how is it?
you stole my life!
you ever think your aunts life would be simpler if she hadnt adopted you?
l like the pictures.
thats the only thing she cares about.
mike,did you have anything to do with an operation secure freedom?
i didnt dive in after lexs car. it hit me a 60 mph.
but he was wrong.
spencer, put your efforts elsewhere.
what i did today, what i almost did,
let me understand this.
dont tell her...
not really that smarter...
youre not ready for what i think.
take me away...
i agree completely, richard.
maybe its not running out.
go..go..go make a stand.
sydney to new york. the envelope has money in it for travel expenses.
whats this seenu?
doctor playing golf. whew!
hey, son. look, im sorry. we didnt mean for you to hear all that.
ground forces have occupied several buildings along marehan road...
dont forget anything.
wasnt as tricky as i thought.
ive a doubt, is baba real?
so, john, no family... ,no close friends,
lm not a terrorist.
would you like to come inside with me?
now whos going to be team c?
i got let go.
yeah, im here
i wanted my life to make a difference.
it was an old warehouse on 78th and main.
they said it liberated repressed feelings, sent them into rages, then fever and finally
that would be a shame. i thought you loved this store.
what i need is for you to help me.
i guess just miss my friend.
dude, lets go, they jack the prices here.
kuame, why are you back?
i had promised you that i would meet the president..
i know what they want.
get warmed up.
daniel. i... i think that man was you.
he has that strength.
i wont let them.
yeah, he was a big deal for a minute.
this nurse will watch your son.
fergus, farkle and a little girl named...
rid the new system of its imperfection!
i dont see shit.
hes here! tell the boss.
the radial velocity parameters on the s.t.a.r labs satellite,
like, what did you do yesterday?
i work in a hotel. i deal with people like that all the time.
okay, well try it some more tomorrow.
what can i say?
theyre overriding the system.
if i were you,id stay right here on the island.
here, theyre shitcanning guys every day... but you got the right last name and a rookies pay grade. you got a job.
if it was so great, why didnt you run?
find out what they used on level 3.
many years ago, this entire valley was covered in agua.
i think id like that.
hand em over!  how about no?
yes, there are some spirits that live hidden among us, sure theyre watching us with great sadness...
where do you think?
but youve taken care of tom since your mother passed away.
were still making car payments.
thank you for your time.
lfl was there i would have caught each one of them and bashed them up.
already has a little attitude.
it must be the heat. is she breathing?
how could aslan have let this happen?
michael there, that should do it.
you take care of maya...
ive been kidnapped by a deranged, unbalanced ogre!
i was already leaving you.
were in a hotel right now.
get it off of me!
oh, yes i can do that.
its the newcomer!
i brought you something.
naomi, listen to me.
what, so you think if a plane landed on our island,
so if you need jacob to help you reunite your people,
if i find anything wrong about you..
i... ii need go find my camp.
i need to knock out about four feet.
it helps if you push the button.
is that mistletoe i see?
id love to run down theories with you, but ive got chores to do.
thats not what this is about.
..can never get a girl like jasmine.
yeah, theyre always scary.
its a gift from lex luthor.
and they married after first meeting.
then i thought instead of running away its better to face it.
worlds worst cook.
so, what do you think?
like old times? have a catch?
yeah, well, now its real.
if we dont even know when the hell we are.
its just that you and your tattoos dont add up.
martin christopher keamy former first sergeant, united states marine corps, served with distinction from 1996 to 2001, but since then, youve worked with a number of mercenary organizations, specifically in uganda.
please, ms. castle ive never insulted your intelligence, dont insult mine.
when i tried to propose to puja, you hit me. i fell.
come on, pick up the phone. come on.
you look like a tom.
sorry. i didnt see it was taken, dude.
i need to know where i can find daniel faradays mother.
your arm is coming perilously close to the window control.
youre already dead to me.
chet we got beer!
use a cigarette.
one of thems kinda cute.
how did that make you feel?
we gotta go back.
maybe shes having trouble dealing with her husband.
now, weve been concentrating on the game, not the risk.
well, thats what you always wanted.
..the soldiers of madhavgarh, and a few hundred pindaris..
two players. two sides.
dad, its picky picky.
cut yourself shaving?
im working on it.
the new morning has come.
its wicked dark down there.
im really happy about that.
he tried to kill his mother, rose from the dead, and escaped from the morgue.
put these in your ears.
the hole in my chest, well, when im with jake, is like is almost healed
this thing would go a whole lot easier if youd just hire me.
well, it turns out the deputy chief keeps all his most sensitive case files at home.
breathe in to this hand.
go with god.
there are two ways to win.
that is my right.
im so, so sorry.
youre not going to try and change my mind?
steve and kristen...
thats all i needed. im not some mystery for you to solve.
as a matter of fact, its pending right now.
without water, that land is useless.
so you gonna tell me?
i wont let you hurt my friends.
we are at war.
let her hear, im shouting for that only.
think about that.
your obedient servant is waiting foryour instruction
dad came in and woke me up.
its nice. is that from you?
i just want him to have a clear head.
you guys have an inside joke.
everyone think its you, how can i have any trouble?
..do you know what he did?
give it..i dont think after reading this, ull be able to go for the interview!
i really want you to just take your money.
last time, the bottom near came out.
i wasnt going to say it quite like that, but yes.
i think harrys just lost a wager.
youre probably at the mouth of the underwater lake
..but drive the king and the british out..
you have four more questions.
and pray at the church of rock.
who called me sallu?
oh, come on, v, please, just one.
the same walkabout that put you on the plane that crashed on that island?
you wanna do that part?
peggy odells watch stopped a couple of minutes after nine.
you have heard my decision.
well, were all here to make sure of that.
no, im good.
i mean, you know, theres things...
i just want to go home.
that spirit is a mirage of black magic and curse.
youre not prying open a crate that says explosives with a pickax.
you understand me?
what have you done?
where were you last night?
and please dont tell me you know me.
she was my partner before i made detective dark hair...
this dude was determined to pound dents into every kid.
i did everything.
what is that for, danielle?
not gonna hold that against you.
it was ivan, i was watching ivan on the pit.
vishal, i am taking money from your wallet.
shut up! what are you blabbering?
beezus, its for the house.
..has been taken on by ordinary americans.
dont they pay you to fight in hockey?
yeah, it should roll past mp 5 in about 15 minutes.
the fire nation is following us.
who are you? my name is john locke.
i hardly think so.
and youd better have something to back it up.
i know what i saw.
yes, okay, i thought you like that kinda stuff?
the mistake of swindling others wife..
really bad jet lag doesnt make you hemorrhage, daniel.
your highness, i hope you had a pleasant trip.
if you want to help claire, get her packed, carry her child to the caves.
im not a soldier.
just really hard saying goodbye.
if i take him,hes not ever gonna be the same again.
you look like youre about to hurl.
my car is in the shop today, dearie.
owen, i be right back!
well, its interesting.
thats about the sweetest thing i ever heard.
come here son.
right. lets hug it out.
stop shouting so loudly...
did you know that hemingway was jealous of dostoyevsky?
my dad told me about it before he left.
he gave me just 50 euros.
you wrecked her pretty good, des.
you meant to meet me there?
its not responding.
dont you understand?
all right, hook it up!
you need to, as best you can, ...recreate the conditions of the original flight which is why you need to give john something of your fathers.
well, well, look whos off to the laundromat.
what do you need it for?
they said their people were on the beach.
greg did keep tanks of bugs in his room.
chloe likes me.
ahaana, you dont know.
what if he doesnt wanna come back?
and youre out late, waiting for him to go to bed so you can avoid the uncomfortable silence when you get home.
you dont have to do that.
hurley. who else did you tell?
then i give you my word.
theres my hotel, look.
you found yourself some local tail and you completely forget what team youre playing for?
how are things at home?
it was great seeing you both.
according to dmv records in 1971,
i found an investor in toronto.
write down your name and telephone number on this note.
the hell kind of pilot you think i am?
if we dig in, we could probably hold them off indefinitely.
well, here are a few more names for ya sun, sawyer, jack. sun, sawyer, jack,
ive found the restrain.
juliet took out my appendix a couple days ago.
mr. dufresne, describe the confrontation you had with your wife the night she was murdered.
i propose that we build a robotchild who can love.
i mean, one minute, youre leading the great sub escape, and now youre on board with blowing up the damn island?
why is coming with a gang?
what are you doing?
its going to be okay.
but id stick out though, wouldnt i, if i came through?
yeah, it was probably a nightmare.
you got what you came for.
she saw the salad dressing.
please, someone come.
make a huge difference in her life.
its been in the family for more than 150 years.
what is it about him that makes you all weak in the loins?
when he learns mine.
so, what did she say?
..one has to do this while singing it.
give me your hand!
they dont keep their word.
you will be proud.
lets worry about that once we get these chains off.  rock striking leg irons
yes..he kicked..he kicked..pia say all izz well!
kammorajus sister is 28 now... asking maruthi 800 as dowry... if dont study n all how shell get married?
aare..you bought new watch?
know anywhere else he could land?
yeah. thats totally cool.
how long does this take?
and we saved the world together for a while, and that was lovely.
you think you can handle that?
well, you want to fight, you gonna get your chance.
no one ever has.
61s going down.
he never cared about me, and nothing i can do will ever change that.
details are sketchy on how daniels was killed.
if its not up to where its supposed to be... all these privileges you got, like running p.i.... theyre gone.
hes your nephew.
i dont think you care about rules.
delta team, go, go, go, go!
michael, i know its been difficult to bond with your son.
i dont have a daughter.
you get elliptical with me for one more second and i will cancel you.
using guitar bag like a carry bag?
thats right, jack. antarctica.
itll come back around.
you need to listen to her.
taught myself about perspective.
hes not here right now.
that romeo got juliet?
i guess itll have to do.
bring your wounded and start loading them up!
listen get the cake and dont be late...ok.
yeah, i mean, they could be hurt, john.
youre intelligent, inspector.
how can it not matter to you where that train will take you?
you can still put the brakes on this thing.
special agent dana scully, fbi.
she had an interesting theory on why you jumped off the chopper.
so until you can explain to me where you were for over two months and what happened... you gave up your rights.
you saw something.
quare non sunt vestitus eis?  tace!
dad doesnt know youre alive yet!
what did we do? well, we stole the times square jumbotron!
whether you trust them, you cant go.
weve got your man.
she thought the baby was his.
youre right. ill track her down.
egg, tomato and cheese with extra butter and tomato ketchup!
well, where you going?
i dont know. graduation?
ull piss on my door bloody rascals sorry sir
she also teaches in the department,
my name is sam flynn.
rock the world. spread your charm!
we can go to the hilton.
so he gives himself the idea.
whatd you tell him?
who got taken by what?
same reason fate does anything, so that we can help each other out.
things are bad again.
messages, pictures, memories of alison.
the others, theyre... theyre dead.
now, lets send this cocksucking hillbilly a message.
and ill make your wish come true.
can i look?
ok, its personal.
what ifl do?
i still see the trucks!
grunting   chavez i see you!
margaret, would you put him in for me, please?
hey. look, man, he doesnt mean nothing by it, all right?
im afraid theres been an incident with one of your neighbors here in the complex...
its strongest at the tree of souls, right?
the railroad spokesman just confirmed he is... ...attempting to slow 777 by manually braking each car.
i dont know if hed want me to give out his address.
get the smoky flavor nice and even.
ajira airways flight 316 out of l.a.x. leaves in 24 hours.
ive never been in love.
come on, college guys.
sorry, sir, its a clean room.
as you know, hes making unfounded claims that hes innocent.
no, its cool, staff sergeant.
what you wish to say?
you going to beat me with your jesus stick?
youre like a brother to me.
oh, i see. now, i am the villain?
and if charles finds out let him find out.
the island will send us a sign.
these are not our people.
dont fire, well get burnt.
my rizu is an intelligent boy.
ive been there.
ill make this easy to remember.
i think its the third worlds greatest game, right?
actually, tomorrow hes...
i know the feeling.
i wanted a brother.
its an abbreviation of a word.
she was grandfathered.
and thanks for the suit, hanh!
..i just hate liquor..
everything has gone wrong. shell devour us all
try and remember for me.
i totally knew you would get selected!
come on, bell, we were good together once.
shouldnt you know better?
get these out with changes.
can you help me?
everything else becomes less important.
use the ocean.
so, you decided to come after all.
and the next one, just a guess, me.
thats the east australian current.
shes the miracle, man.
anything coming back?
since when i am craving.
hes not coming...
that wasnt so bad, was it?
nobody can undergo a procedure like this without an anesthetic!
he begged to get together, just to talk.
its very far, worli, dadar, byculla..
are you ready for your meds, hugo?
my ex, hes a fucking psycho.
you are very, very sure of yourself...
im colin brewer, information systems on charlie rig.
killed his true love out of sheer stupidity.
you never cared about me.
whitney, youll get out of here.
if you can steal an idea from someones mind why cant you plant one there instead?
you made a bad choice, army boy.
nobodys coming down here.
was this the last of the camps water supply?
i sort of never got over it.
shaft. drive shaft.
i promise, ill kill you!
krista, i need you to be smart here.
...you like to get strong?
he told me to kill both of them.
looks like you fixed everything but the patient.
and that cupboard wasnt guarded by a whole bunch of mean, ugly, nasty witches.
it shouldve shown in the research.
chef de partie, demi chef de partie, both important.
perhaps you should heed your representations advice, take some additional time to consider your response.
hey, hes gone!
you see if claire left her house this morning?
i took an oath upon my life.
i love you, penny.
why are you asking me about that, ana?
you cant fire me!
and report an invisible person?
nell, is that you?
i see you still have your reflexes,traceur.
dad, dont worry.
i trained for a year and then took a further course in la. i mean.. but i did want to make it.
we read the disk, lex.
do you think a propeller couldve done this?
marion, listen to me. listen to me.
well, im, uh, russell casse, sir.
youve got to obey the rules.
ruined my chance to find the source...
im sorry i had to bring you here before i gave it to you, sun.
those dont make much sense for the island.
all these cars, man, its not exactly prison norm.
what are we gonna do?
he cannot suicide ure right dad, it wasnt a suicide... it was a murder!
i just wanted to hear you sing it.
the paperwork on the chemical spill finally came through.
i wont bite you.
just get him out of here.
she thanked profoundly for everything.
whatever happens, i take full responsibility.
if rahul and rohan can be like your sons... then dont have a right over your daughter?
what happened to your face?
virus is playing games between us, divide and rule dont get scared, had to be scared!
no, its not ok.
the season is gesturing you to come to me.
you dont know how lucky you are.
ill return it.
like a second chance.
c.e.p. find anything new?
but youve to say what we said.
oh, i can make your last few weeks on earth, quite, quite enjoyable.
dream within a dream, huh? im impressed.
i dont know what you would... dont fucking touch me.
ive been on some benders in my time, but this guy was going for an all time record.
i too have beaten up many goons but never before a lady.
for luring you down here.
your sources were wrong.
you kidding me?
and none involved rescuing us.
im your doctor. dr peston wadia.
hes taking all of this with him.
a tiger dont change her stripes.
what are you doing?
hes got burns and suffered smoke inhalation, but hes gonna be okay.
you know something about this?
i assure you.
to rule ones emotions, to savour them that takes a man of will.
my moneys on you, sheena.
you do the exact opposite.
im dying unable to take care of you.
benjamin linus wouldnt use this gas to kill everyone on this island!
i didnt disappear with anybody.
my kin behaved like strangers with me.
the island chose you too, jack.
you dare touch us!
its from a.
man on radio  come in, sheriff.
gusteaus already has a face, and its fat and lovable and familiar.
thats a kflex.
it wasnt you that killed shannon, it was them.
hail mother india.
it was turned on. i was ignoring you.
ive waited to hear other things from you for a lot longer.
hes just kidding.
ladies and gentlemen, on this joyous occasion..
i found this in the back of her drawer.
sara, the damage to your back was extensive.
the whole block is dark.
he had to go after jack.
l dont care!
it is work, john.
ive always wanted to stop in the middle... and have one foot in oregon and one in washington.
i havent started working on it yet.
it protects them from charles widmore. the guy hired people to kill us.
were gonna knock on some doors, see who wants to help us out.
what exactly are you hoping to find?
now im all yours
or the way you looked at me.
well, i feel terrible now.
i feel incomplete here dad!
my dad was in the army. ranger battalion.
you just gave a new meaning to students ball.
your boss is okay with this.
you wont be on the call, miss hooper.
i think you can understand that.
i feel free.
are we really going home?
show me the love.
..and i love it when someone stops me from doing something.
safari park, huh?
i got her after years and moreover invested heavily on her.
would you like some coffee?
i see nothing.
shell probably take me to a doctor.
peace, revenge, justice?
i think the question is, what are you doing out here?
its called a trebuchet, because its a trebuchet.
its a done deal, gonna have you on a shuttle tonight.
... and id wind up like bob.  what happened between you two?
from our plane?
what are we doing?
look, its gonna get choppy.
sorry sir..we were late..emergency!
at least untie my arms.
wouldnt want to mess with the catholic roots, would we?
you do it, jack.
l said i need your help. lets go.
i believe you.
you owe your life to me.
lest you forget, i am still chief of surgery.
theyve poured concrete all the way down here, too.
what are you jimmies staring at?
im sure youd have done the same.
but my knowledge says that daughter had died, but mother is still alive somewhere.
you think im crazy.
all of them.
now, i know how it looks but, believe me, he is completely legit.
will you just relax?
theyare taking people out there, fine and simple.
where is he now?
dont worry, theres no problem.
to help attract unbound atmospheric electrons.
zip. im trying to get her a peek over this ridge as soon as i can.
i wanted to know your opinion.
its my only coat.
or else ill arrest you.
hey, say that again!
they cut out during storms.
the kind that buys me a big townhouse... on the upper east side of manhattan.
he mocked our literature and our music.
you promised it would be as if you never existed.
how fast can you write?
..and i will do your work.
yeah. i mean, thats how it works.
a high degree of prosperity survived when the developed world introduced sanctions to license pregnancies which was why robots, who did not consume resources beyond those of their first manufacture were so essential an economic link in the chain mail of society.
what are you talking about?
a mile north, looking for the dog.
ekos a priest.
someone took over the payments.
a man will talk to you.
weve to search the house.
it started in the hospital.
its the moment of reckoning.
eversmann, come in.
and if you had any idea what ive had to do to keep you safe, to keep your friends safe, youd never stop thanking me.
if i wouldve asked him to move like in the premonition, he wouldve died.
im not sure why you...
the place where she lives.
shes getting reeled in!
i take it youve heard?
you understand me, son?
and then there was jack.
bring the food.
you guys are so dead!
he said it was called a butt.  whoa.  wow.
i feel free.
i dont want to testify against you.
i had a boy on my table today.
im afraid we ran a little late.
shut up!  all right, drop the gun.
want me to go kick his ass for you?
youll be the third guy ive paid to leave.
its not the money. its the numbers.
john, youre bleeding. come on.
come on, priya. lets go to lmmys college.
roger, for all your bravado, you have yet to show me anything.
yeah, i know the place.
you would hold me accountable for all the crimes of my people?
your mother was an extraordinary woman.
but you seemed really sure of it.
is that yoghurt place still open?
ill tell you how the goddamn score comes out.
cause i can talk to em, too.
luce, im sorry.
hes lying there. look.
no, im not so sure it is.
i cant do that.
because nobody knows the mardon brothers better than i do.
what your problem?
this place is awesome.
why are you taking seans car?
i will not write disgraceful inscriptions on my school walls,
no, hes not just a friend.
show your rc book, driving license.
well be more careful and were gonna be fine!
its impossible but its also right in front of us all the time.
all right, well, then, you tell me what happened.
no, dont go back!
just as soon as i do one thing.
frank lapidus and i are old friends, and if you could  just tell him im on board, id really appreciate it.
but your death is written in my fate
thats the truth, clark.
some people like to look at the goblet as... as half empty.
hes in a lot of pain.
we hide in plain sight.
take a look at this, huh?
jacks trapped in a cavein.
good for you, andy.
the phones international.
quiet, please, ladies and gentlemen.
the thing from the cages.
ben, id appreciate it if youd join us.
ill get that.
but if youre there...
im eloise hawking, and i believe its my sons fault that desmond has been shot.
a different person around my father.
youre sick, john,
youre the one im worried about. youre in that bed of snakes.
some people will understand only if you tell.
if she does, what do i tell her?
the man said calm down.
well done, well done.
its nothing. this is incredible. why would lex luthor need to rob a bank?
so, can i help with dinner?
what the hell are you doing?
just meet me in the north valley.
wat kapoor sir thinks, it doesnt make a difference to me!
lts okay. its just 60 bucks.
we didnt find him.
why do you always talk about unnecessary things?
he likes basking in the possibility.
im going out to the line that were not supposed to cross and telling them that weve got you.
oh,right. you still think you might be pregnant.
city knows about you, would the news have reached the main people?
yeah, i, uh... i went for a run.
the world needs to know.
sorry for the inconvenience.
youre seeing things.
maybe your boss would see you differently.
go check hes alive, ariadne.  cobb, you cant do this.
try to remember alison as the beautiful girl you knew.
ithe have come, jenny.
youve no balance.
i have detected a coopt of the consulate security system.
if youre made of money, maybe you dont want to work here.
you got a problem with that?
in many areas..the roads are immersed in water..their is total traffic jam!
you guys were on oceanic flight 815.
okay. if there are no more questions,
where have your dimples disappeared?
tell him, thats final.
when i was your age, history was my favourite subject by miles, which obviously didnt please my father.
one idiot with a gun is enough.
man... wait till i tell everybody about this.
ill go deal with hugo.
go, go, go! the splits coming up!
you just got to hang in there a little bit.
hes not looking for me.
because i thought your daughter had a right to know that her father cared.
come on, girls!
em was standing too close.
but it is a way.
whatever performance this sim puts on, remember we are only demolishing artificiality!
youre diane austens girl.  whats your name?  katie.
what were you writing back there...?
..youre life will be ruined just like calcis.
oh my god! now, ive understood.
are you kidding me?
then they need a new route, a more direct route.
i guess i understand.
i have vertigo!
this you must feel inside.
that bastard doesnt ask any questions he doesnt know the answers to... which means my son stole my keys so he could bust that animal out of jail.
they wouldnt come to you in private.
you really do not understand whats happening here.
youll find your way, john. you always do.
yaar..the same name..the same degree..n the same photo but the person is different..wats the matter!
what?  you first, rosalie.
good evening, sir.
i have had it with your attitude!
you want to talk to him, dont you?
you should not be here.
jack where were you?
walters still on the bus.
isaac, he didnt heal me.
the better i eat!
shes my wife.
i cant imagine it.
can you at least try?
has incurred the sentence of excommunication!
yes... we do.
i was bringing you a sandwich.
here i am.
is it just me, or does cyrillic look like klingon?
and that day isnt far.
i joined as an operator in a theatre in uncles native place.
you can quit if you want, but remember, quittings a very hard habit to break.
bhai why do you have to leave so late at night?
yeah, a couple boxes.
are you stalking me now?
i gotta find him.
all right, we need to move out now!
i dont think so.  you heard the paisano.
im calling the police!
never touch the cage.
yeah, hold up here a minute,hhold up here.
do you ever think we made the wrong decision, not adopting another child?
well have to go to the courthouse and make it official.
your dancing is just as frigid...
is that why you kept shouting, hey, im one of the oceanic six?
he slipped into a coma. the doctors dont know how long hell last.
hes very protective of it, arent you?
well not be here to feed you from tomorrow.
i know what i saw.
call it off, captain.
but believe me, priya, i didnt do all this..
no, no, no, no.
i just never want to see them again.
theres only you. you know that.
starkey corners, maine,
i heard about these things happening.
and theres no recovered spaceship.
how many of them are there?
i got to get this raft finished so i can get my boy and take him home.
what were you thinking, john?
owen, listen put your mother on the phone, i wanna talk to her... shes not here...
you sure youre okay?
except for his dad. hes not going with you!
he is sanjay singhania, chairman of air voice.
he has my dad.
her. what do you think?
where will you go?
what the hells going on?
i got to do something, its going to hurt.
did i mention i had a confirmed reservation?
that was marvs idea.
i found it from her house.
you know, breaks the ice.
how did all this happen?
you, too, come on!
if by chance a genie pops out of one..
youre going on talking about love, by any chance you...
but sometimes the soldiers make a mistake and...
very clever. the apple of my eye! love me till i die!
they dont exactly stock it at the commissary.
well, ill be brief.
im sorry mr.chatur but i cant sign a deal with your company!
in this case, were hoping youll suspend that position.
i delivered the infant myself. the baby and i were together for only one week, when i saw black smoke.
somebody more important cancel on him?
do you think hes telling the truth?
what do you know of queen susans horn?
its a damn shame.
...this will never age.
your life doesnt belong to you anymore.
son of a... what the hells going on in building two?
rancho.... thank u yaar!
oh! ive got an idea.
have you bid adieu to my body?
thank you, doctor. all right. bye.
im gonna take that as a yes.
id no other way.
you touched it...
come on, just a little more.
ill send back your people, take them.
jenny, youre here?
this isnt shutting...
but i cant.
you want out?
youre going back?
and the glass blinded it.
was it all of you?
just a minute.
thats why theyre invisible to us.
my daughter is also getting spoilt under his influence.
general, its norad.
..jasmine will be there.
he even said that you wanted me to ask you to prom and that youd bought a dress.
i know what happened at club zero.
how could it have survived so long, cut off from the surface?
whats your problem?
you brought beer?
im sorry, sayid.
but to my dad...
youre going back in?
hes always been so quiet.
youre so scared as if youre introducing..
what are you doing here?
..hell be wearing seven different colours.
out. with who?
hop in your mouth?
we will take him too.
you mean in case you bring mal in.
whatever you did to yourself, you can get help.
i understand what youre going through.
at least thats what he tells the girls, eh, neils?
she winked at me when you all are here.
oh well, maybe you need your brother to come do it for you.
help us, somebody.
its not your fault.
we need our cash, so please dont forget to smile.
i just wanna know where my boyfriend is.
some people want to go it alone, others have grandiose statements they want to make.
you get it?
thats why they dont even bathe...
i would have got down on one knee,
howd it go with lana?
what the hell is that?
i didnt fire you because i feel threatened. no.
theres nothing here.
people dontjust buy them.
dog barking inmate hey, come on!
so thats what this is about?
hed strip down, swear on a stack of bibles.
my greatgrandfather gave it to my greatgrandmother when they got married.
mr galvin, this is will colson, your conductor.
we need to be able to talk about this.
that we never get to see.
i cant believe it.
i didnt know we could do that.
time to go, sweetheart.
you see that?
it was an accident. i was trying to see lionel luthor.
i cant do this anymore.
i know this sounds insane, but...
its a new west, jake.
beera says so
i heard jack.
stay there, dont move! all right.
not like your boyfriend, who shot me in the back like a coward.
bakir was last seen five days ago in los angeles, caught by a traffic camera, speeding away from the corner of la breya and santa monica.
im a medical student.
would my sister fall for any fool?
how long would their shields be down?
i told myself i...
you know what might help?
i hope you have nine lives.
ill see you at lunch.
sorry mandira, i couldnt meet you..
wanna give a sloth a hand?
yeah, thats good. push!  yeah.
over there is where they pushed you out of the jungle with a bag on your head.
any word on chloe?
think im stupid, lady?
may be hes dumb, sir?
when i woke up, i was kind of floating.
ok, im sorry.
youre still on disability, michael.
yes. very nice, you too join.
its okay, i m a doctor.
its 160 over 100.
what are you doing with them?
im sure, your honor.
hes always been good that way. your fathers always been generous.
if you knew what my drink cost, why did you ask me?
hey, were all in this together.
these orbital images tell me, that the hostiles numbers have gone from few hundred to well over two thousand in one day.
ill show you...if you want to see.
the reason is that all the kings arent united.
i knew something like this is bound to happen.
where is she?
please... please dont do this again.
just before you came in.
big boss, the amount is correct.
hey you hear? frank bought the old...
u have become such a great engineer, the degrees been put up on the wall u r a very good son!
shes still unconscious.
its cool, except how come youre not coming back with any?
well, hes not breathing.
dont shoot him!
you lying whore.
it was a training program for soldiers to shoot, stab and strangle each other and then wake up.
i dont really care about the animal thing.
ive promised him to protect him.
moving you up to squad leader.
youre not wearing your ring.
ill beat you! tell me now. does she have a boy friend?
sorry, im late... my god!
see oye raju raju..tel me,how do i look?
just turn this key, and this all goes away.
put some load on accelerator kaake!
no.. papa, shes from a wealthy family.
no, im divorced.
water? not safe!
these are the reincarnations of you over the years.
rules are for people like you not for criminals like us.
they said they would leave us alone.
im glad i could oblige.
with or without her posable actionfigure boyfriend?
ok. all right. here we go.
youve been out for a half an hour and keefes room still hasnt been changed.
such a brave person he is.
but when they know, youll know, you know?
how do i know that youre not the one whos lying? i havent tried to kill you.
you never realised..
ill break it down for you, miller. moments after you left the shop, someone powered up my machine.
i tested it out on myself first.
hes god to you i am a demon.
mmm hmm.. come... veeru, jay has come veeru!
have you had a chance to phone any of your relatives?
this isnt how it was supposed to work. you said that we were...
safe to say we wont lose you to the entrancing world of journalism.
i love a happy ending.
i had to choose between doing the right thing and being successful.
what if they dont buy it?
i was warned by one of the nurses that my father was operating under the influence.
it shoulda worked.  billy,its not working.
i thought you said, dont move.
i thought we didnt know where were going, dude.
he sent his sister to a germany college, you too got your sister admitted into the same college, they both have become friends,
sir, hes my father.
excuse my friend.
you have a family of your own?
you may wanna move.
what were you doing in australia?
and they decide to put us into recession... just when im about to buy a house.
casanova, wrap it up.
i understood, priya.
hes coming back tomorrow. you should come around for dinner.
we must decide.
cause ive got a hell of a singing voice otherwise.
i thought youd be in bed. who was that?
news 14 hotline.
well, your people were living in the jungle.
im not mama today...
you stole these from the hatch.
you have to get to wheeler.
looks like he, uh, hadnt traveled much, as far as i can tell from his passport.
why the sudden interest?
we gonna wrestle for it?
listen i can explain everything.
its a good color for you.
is their father same?
figures the apple doesnt fall far from the tree?
why do you say it like that?
you are a clever rat. now, who is that?
we can talk about this.
okay, i want you to slow down just up here and park.
so, you boys need to look good, ...which is not a state you find yourselves in altogether naturally.
libby... watch the kids.
shut up! if i knew this, i wouldve looked after very well.
im still dreaming.
i will do all of the legwork, mr. forsik.
everyone gets given a different number.
now, my makeup picture is in my living room,
i dont remember.
ive caused them enough pain.
not many people do, clark.
because its the only way to keep them safe.
good morning, sir.
isnt it for friendship?
youre not alone in this. we are all here for you.
but at one point...
but last night, i realized what you didnt tell me,
you dont need to wait.
where is he?
i dont know, maybe, like, a bald guy in a bathrobe.
if hes with those animals who blew up half of new otherton, you do not wanna tussle with em.
the aim of the jew is to become the ruler of humanity.
he did it!
he cant grow up here.
what did i expect?
one day dad came home and said that girls brother is my groom.
we make camp, get some sleep, and wait for further instruction.
something is here? please. didnt i say something is here?
i know everything youve done for us.
if machiraju has sent don seenu to foreign it means..
im not a soldier. parcher youll end up in a cell!
l think im done working.
they want to organise a counteroffensive!
come on, love.
you want to stay in the same room?
ill return your husbands donation...
i looked into it, and they dont have any kind of solid case against reyes.
shouldnt you be packing?
see that kansas state game last week?
is there... any other way... to preserve smell besides distil it?
what the hell do we do now?
the meteor rocks are harmless.
ill give you the car and the license.
im about as excited by the prospect as you are, but somethings gotta give.
its you im marrying.
i didnt mean to wake you up.
for the moment our booking is full.
youre not the only one who wanted out.
..i will grab it from its owner..
will you wait for me?
arent there spirits here?
might as well keep playing the part. damn it, charlotte.
good evening, sir.
hey, do you wanna say hi, walt?
itd make a difference if everyone moved inland.
do youve a mother?
they say moneys hard to spend  panting  when youre dead.
its nice to meet you, roger.
i cant arbitrate on one cup of coffee. whos calling the paper to pull the announcement?
you and i havent done crap.
im not the one choose lincoln burrows as the fall guy.
im coming, man.
if you become her friend she will take papa far away from us...
you got him?
come on...claw...kick... claw...kick...
but ii must find my camp because maybe, uh, helicopter go there.
it cant end like this.
thats the immutable law of the desert.
you think if you leave, itll come back.
it was tough keeping him under control, so he was given a sedative.
hey, sayid, what are you doing?  why are you here?  listen...
major jasper whitlock, maam. i hope you survive.
yeah, when they were in the middle of nowhere not now.
im not accustomed to making inquiries like this, but, i, uh...
when i get you peanut butter, you vacate this shore of depression and move to the caves.
your chance to make history, become the man who stole the moon!
i dont care if hes in a meeting, get him out of it!
his bison creature thing floats.
im so unfortunate.
oh, i like this. yeah.
you did well.
sign it. ill leave.
why is it so important for you to be on that raft?
more than you know.
theyll make your lives hell.
i was watching tom cruise kick some ass on tv.
i havent talked to him in three years.
issue the abort codes right away.
a rock hammer is about six or seven inches long.
seems you know everything about me.
i really, really needed this.
their status is unknown.
we make it about character,not about what you did or didnt do,
actually, were headed to your office right now. yeah.
day before yesterday. 10 am. from hiranandani to andheri station.
he likes this...
he wont wake.
rizvan, how is the chicken?
it appeals to the romantic in her.
the police called.
i get dizzy if i stand up too fast.
why dont you see what you can get up to in five minutes?
is revenge the only thing you can think of?
ill get help.
and ill pay for your livestock, of course.
parker, there is time to salvage this situation...
well, you might find it difficult, certainly in billy miles case.
he can hunt, he can track stuff, and hes the only one who brought knives.
on the strength ofthat one memory... that one moment...
devika is still his wife.
didnt you pay them, bloody broker?
this isnt possible.
youre just gonna leave me.
okay, no problem.
he ever fix something that dont?
if you have any doubt about my qualifications or credentials...
youd rather be alone and get lost or hurt.
youve known it all along.
dont argue with me!
would you care for some hors doeuvres?
youre not my enemy. youre my son.
yeah, i feel good.
i couldnt feel it anymore.
can you reach the skylite?
but what if that didnt stop them?
and the most beautiful part of the island is scotland, and thats where your daddys from.
these ogres are crafty!
im  i did it because, um...
lex, ive told you this smallville is your test.
hey, hi, its dan. hang on.
i did want to see my mom.
im not planning on finding out.
i told her...
it really hurt.
no, you know exactly what im talking about.
my little princess, i always knew you had it in you.
he suffers from short term memory loss, doesnt remember anything beyond 15 minutes.
about your daughter.
send ragini back
marty, what are you doing? get out of town as soon as you can.
dont know, i see only one here.
in a good way. ive been training my whole life for this.
yeah, i think so.
go and talk to her.
well, im glad to hear its not contagious.
im taking you to the hospital. come on.
watch the road, man.
their happiness will turn to sorrow.
i love you. i want to marry you.
telugu, we are telugu people, tell me.
feeling shy too with this face.
well get a new one there.
grenouille did not mind.
victoria markhams office, please.
he taught me everything he knows. everything he knew.
this battle will be fought.
theyre wrong, alright? theyre wrong.
tell me what actually had happened?
i will never be whole again.
youre looking gorgeous... come.
no ones gonna bother you there.
dont call me like that, you kicked on my heart.
im skeptical about anybody who thinks they can solve my problems with money.
its better to be without a son than have a son like you.
oww.. oh, my head.
where the hell are you gonna get a costume at this hour?
id never make it as a marine.
what do you mean?
what happened to him?
we went for the bangkok festival three years ago.
itll be just like one of my sunny days.
i want one right now. i have to protect claire.
who the hell do you think you are?
i doubt theyll kick up any fuss not for an old crook like me.
but vincent isnt mine.
shut up. i will punch you in your face.
after losing ethan, its a risk.
yes, i am.
you dont need another 12.
for the past few months..
what does it say?
yes, well, sorry. my funding is private, and so are my results.
let me take you to her.
hes been really good to me. of course he has.
now, the two most important things to remember are, first, never let them get their arms around you.
where would your selfmotivated reasoning take you?
i might know how i came to be here.
couldnt tell you.
i thought you trusted this guy.
stay here, all right?
are you ok?
why are you here?
oohhh even do that work also.... !
oh, yeah khan, khan come on lets go feed the ducks.
im sorry i forgot the blankets.
you wanna know why?  no.
so i got you some aspirin.
i always see him.
guys been obsessed with smallville for 50 years.
billy! open a line to sarah.
when you told me that barry had feelings for you,
he looks just like you sweetoo!
ow. son of a bitch.
ten days from now, he loses his father.
im saving the house for mom and dad.
dont harm him, ill pay whatever your demand is.
slow down here, ok?
come here, teddy!
you wrote seenu, balance rs.40, and irritated me.
mom, in whom do we trust?
did you make him up?
no inmates beyond this point
no, we cant!
you are my good son, arent you?
hold on! dont close the hatch!
mom and dad spent the rest of the afternoon arguing.
we have confirmation.
the mayor will see you now.
weve just been signed. a recording contract.
hold that down. i need a medivac now.
this is so embarrassing.
we spoke on the phone earlier.
youre talking about the numbers. yes.
shes supposed to be a very good agent, sweetheart.
farhan, you go get towels and scissors.... millimeter, get cloth drying clip and hot water.... rancho you cover sister... sister.... push
i promise you, will never happen again.
i want my dad out of jail.
what are you doing here?
you couldnt carry the guilt of what you did to those two women all by yourself, so you shared it with a 10yearold kid.
i didnt do it for you, i did it for your mom.
lost s05e09 namaste
he knows that i know his secret and i threatened to expose him if he built a plant here.
just old trinkets, harry.
dev must have had a good reason
every time i stood next to him, it got worse. its kind of like
we killed him.
maybe i let her go too easily.
anybody else at home?
do you ever feel like that?
no, its not a chick thing.
i can provide for him, give him everything.
if you dont come, theyll kill me
and all had been stillbirths, or semistillbirths.
so i have in mind a simple arrangement.
get gun! get gun!
ill only give them your first name.
look, shes my daughter and i have every right to see her!
its bleeding heavily.
first ill check the money.
no, youre not.
issy, are you okay?
you know what my mum would say about me marrying an american?
i can dance the black swan, too.
i just accept the fact that they do.
lets me and you draw the longest picture in the world.
dont worry about him.
shes with me.
i had no expectations.
we didnt mean to leave, you know.
you said that we needed to put things back the way they were supposed to be.
these are good now.
at least one of us can sleep.
i believe he is trying to learn in the discipline of water.
ive been telling you for months, you cannot do that.
no roads, no electricity, no cops.
no need, bring her normally.
we cant have maniacs threatening decent people in their own homes.
but every word is mine he is a great guy, really you are,
how did you come to europe and why?
so in order to contain it,theyre gonna have to cement the entire area in,like chernobyl.
kelly, if you dont show up, theres nothing i can do.
or a postie and is too young to be capable of giving me crap.
i do the grooves and the whole world..
another party, alice?
and you saw an endless graveyard.
but i really need you to take it easy, man.
its like im this time bomb of responsibility just waiting to go off.
do you have any reports of any missing kids, any missing children?
she sleeps on the left.
he will need you two.
so i got a stay order from high court to stop this engagement.
where you going?
if priya asks about me tell her im in the bathroom.
kate,you confessed toour mother that you killed your father,
i wanted to know what was gonna happen in there.
you said it was miles away.  it is.
how are we just gonna fly out of our cages and right into your cell, right into new york city?
your father has them.
if she loves me really, how can she lie to me?
i was close enough to touch her.
flew out of nigeria, crashed here.
i think its important... that you know...
wait, what do you mean, the next person?
and alert cisco?
and if you want one, youre gonna have to come to me to get it.
so whats the rescue plan?
give the money to tony, come on.
you said everything happens for a reason.
ims, texts, emails, everything.
are you sure theres nothing i can do to help? well, your presence alone, your scent, will distract the newborns. their hunting instinct will take over and drive them crazy.
you should have let me die.
u callin my father?
playing all the angles.
because its one thing to believe it, john.
..that we are not at pace with each other.
let me take a picture.
how to discard him?
i dont trust him.
yes. with prayers we can try to change them.
have you met angelique?
i wanna get to the ice before my momma.
alrighty. heres two together.
so im taking a wild guess.
locke about  i know what you were doing. not gonna happen, man.
the jitters are getting worse.
youre still here.
we can be the greatest restaurant in paris, and this rat, this brilliant little chef, can lead us there.
all the same, great king,
no room here!
remove your pants n get sealed!
then where the hell are they from?
well, for interrupting your date with barry.
god, never separate him from me. separate.
we need to go under the rig.
wait for her to say the words. fine!
my beloved is very naughty.
that her world wasnt real.
im sorry, visitations for family only.
i know im supposed to hate humans, but theres something about them.
she doesnt look too good.
but.. but it says, its a fund raiser for the draught in africa.
..so i sniffed you out like a police officer.
you know, lady, if you got any other questions, just go through the department.
hes, uh, right in here.
because if you do... what does this do?
my name is not khan, its khan.
because i was... so angry with you for making me come back here.
here she comes, right now.
dad,its better i curse myself..right?
previously on lost
what are you doing?
i was telling the truth.
im still working on lanas birthday gift.
you want to take a break?
what did she take?
i know. it sounds crazy.
the problem i find with being on a trail is that by definition youll always be behind your prey.
that was very moving,dr. shephard.
better out than in.
i know how much you like to laugh inside.
i will have my team look for him,
then three little kittens came around
thank you very much for your affection.
its not over.
the way you looked at that thing that was strung up, the way you reacted.
you look scared.
now theres no escape.
youre no match for jenny.
i read the report!
by the way, where did you read this?
this was supposed to work.
youre the one who wont risk it.
i win some fights for you, you need another guy to beat me.
i need you to go back to oxford university.
gentlemen, might i remind you that my odds of success dramatically improve with each attempt?
you tell anyone about this, and ill kill you.
you know what ms. nadia told me?
what, are you, like, 13?
treaty says we can only defend on our own lands.
im all ears, brother!
if i hear so much as a mouse fart in here tonight i swear by god and jesus, you will all visit the infirmary.
but if someone has a high iq, it almost always results in creative genius.
go tell the cops, all right?
i couldnt understand them.
blackburn, can you hear me?
l told him that.
stay with the ship.
they were on the plane sitting a couple of rows behind me.
no, i want lots of dinner.
how can he think that?
they got more ping. hey.
i know its been a struggle.
hes the leader now.
all we need is a little foot to put it on, huh?
waiting here for...
hospital chaplain to the neuroicu.
if he wishes to swim in dangerous waters, who are we to deny him?
theyre at the mall, i think.
the type that gets access to all kinds of tools.
its now or never.
of course not darling!
a man has to think about the future.
you must make him take you to the question mark.
sandy plankton from next door... he says that sea turtles live to be about 100 years old.
what are you, a fucking geologist?
dont worry. its typical.
let tommy drive.
she must be very special to let you work until 430 in the morning.
clu wants flynns disk, not mine.
how can he show us the way?
okay, boss. whatever you say.
then why ask?
youve been lying to everyone.
youve never thought he wasnt?
no, theyre good boys from happy club.
i understand all of that, but you cant just stop eating. its not healthy.
sure wouldnt want to be the one with that gun right now.
she was stung way worse than paul. shes in a coma.
its customary to ask someone.
but this bombing is a different matter.
youve got the wrong person.
you got to believe that.
its the femoral artery, but i cant see it.
you mind if i come in?
so where have you been all this time?
brother, stop all this.
sweetheart... this is your home.
maybe a week. maybe less.
look what coach did to him.
you do remember, john thats why you left in the first place, to convince em to come back?
take the only thing burrows has left time.
hes just a boy, jack. you canjust let him die.
you do your job.
its ok. its all right.
why arent you going now?
roughly six minutes, traffic contingent.
remember the rod...?
i need to bury my father.
and so when i saw you here
little birds touching down at target.
whats the deal with you and hector?
they only understand the language of bullets, here.
accept what happened?
you didnt answer mine.
you better pray that sara gets out of there in one piece.
second, third, fourth...
take it all, owen.
but, you know, the funny thing is, were also a lot alike.
make some new friends.
theres two ways to fight a war, devon.
i could put sabrina in here.
so, did you get it?
just the fact that im gonna be out on the real world here in a little bit.
but i know hes there.
how did you end up like this?
but the good news is that linus didnt die, so that means the kid cant either.
a very happy new year to you.
im sorry, sir, ii dont think i can do this. there are nerves... look, you need a specialist, okay?
your dog was attacking me, and i had to run, and i ran into you.
it was 25 minutes, and hes gone.
its personal.  personal?
that what our heart says is the real truth...
i kept getting snapshots of things i couldnt control.
oh. of course. i understand.
actually, thanks. im... im fine right here.
theres something missing.
i was almost a doctor once.
so north is exactly where you want to be.
got it.  arzt! you want paper?
the bolt from the bleachers thats what it was for.
i want to do it slow.
but, honey, you and i both know its not gonna take that long.
you know, your problem is youre too into my shit.
do you remember me from earlier?
all right. i want it.
im sorry, do i know you?
i dont think you realize the danger you re in now.
no, its nothing. ive just got to go do inventory.
it could be anything from the floor of a building to an entire city.
scotts giving me the information.
i shouldve been in fiji in less than a week.
black dress code, cant avoid it.
..ure not underst....... they disconnected!
do yourself a favor, man.
i dont think thats a little fella.
what are you doing?
which means theyre ineligible for next fridays game.
now it seems that from behind his walls even prince caspian has gone missing.
i have a busy schedule.
you mean sets.
besides, we both know you aint the killing type.
jumping a guy while hes napping.
youre member of happy club.
no, swallow it, swallow it.
i came back to make funeral preparations. i recently lost my mother.
how many of em are there?
im going to need your help.
you missing your mommys mangos?
they will bring him back.
oh, just, uh, one little condition.
so what do we do now?
how do you know?
you talk about beheading those british..
..when priya learns the truth?
i cant, ive got to close up.
is everything okay?
give me my grandson.
and you followed it.
hes no one.
or you are not being honest about them.
i wouldnt get excited, though, if i were you, fish.
now take this i.v. out of my arm, and lets go.
wheres my mom?
i dont think like that anyway. i was...
you got five year plan i dont know about?
me, me, me.
looks like im not the only one doing some digging.
because thats who i am.
one step forward, two steps back.
i even agreed to wear my blue suit, the one i look like a nitwit in, and go to mrs. courteplaques.
doctors make the worst patients.
for once i think my parents will be glad for your help.
tarrytowns about 40 minutes from here.
what is going on here?
if you dont leave madhavgarh by sunset tomorrow..
i mean just like everybody knew you would but...
bella clicks tongue
you all right, mike?
its your juvenile record. fascinating reading.
guess i was too busy getting hit in the face with a club.
she asked me if my husband was one of the people who died on the island.
has this already been cleaned?
they will be trapped in the city when the moons power comes out.
um, have you seen your hair lately?
and he should be.
ill take a group in at first light.
youve already paid me.
when we got adopted by a bald guy, i thought thisd be more like annie.
do you think you could do it again?
marry me.  just go, okay?
freeze the battery.
theres no footprints, no tracks.
youre going to get us fucking killed, like terry.
now, lets find a way off this fucking planet.
clean it properly.
i really like you.
excuse me. excuse me. look out.
do you think id be here if i was?
its my fault sams dead, right?
we need a hook. something that incorporates the two better.
that one there to there.
he could walk to versailles, and have the king kiss his feet.
father, one day, india will have only one flag.
get me captain steele!
hes the clan leader.
do you love the defendant? objection.
why did we go in that hotel vishal?
they attacked us on the beach.
he didnt call you, did he?
im gonna close my eyes and count to five, and when i open em, youll be gone.
yeah, but its not until 330.
what a silly girl?
alan, are we really going to do this again?
give me one reason i shouldnt suspend you, owen...
you know what, harry?
i woke up in the jungle.
yes where is rancho?
the day they told me i was the avatar, they said i could never have a normal life, that i could never have a family.
chuckling  sounds like hes learned his lesson.
kevin its a good thing too.
last week too had problem, i just gave a punch.
well, do you think maybe i could see you before i leave?
why dont you bring it?
but thats not gonna keep.
ballistics matched to a slug...
your secrets safe with me.
eat this and get ready quickly.
but you make me come too far for my hair.
you could argue he done it to curry favor with the guards.
and i dont want you to go away.
thats eating us!
still nothing on this place?
i cant do this alone, jack.
whats that, victor?
go after her!
lets ask her.
lm his owner.
youre the sheriff come to run me out of town?
ray soames was a patient of mine, yes.
you got to be strong.
trust is a hard thing to win back.
now get outta here
you cant stop me, clark.
ill do as you say.  yes.
lts a little different!
even if its one rupee short, not one in your family will survive.
hes an investor, im sure he can help.
hell be back shortly. wheres our regular gas man, kurt?
and you probably live at some squalid little studio apartment with stacks of yellowed penguin classics.
ramona quimby, get down from there. this isnt a circus.
where the hell you been?
youre talking as if youre countrys president.
you want me to pass on going to the island?
how do i tell you, whats in my heart?
is like a huge hole has been punched through my chest.
brandon  what do we do now?
third time past this tree.
you guys, it doesnt make sense. cars dont just spontaneously combust.
if he bolts, this may be our last shot, right now.
we just need to keep it together until theres another flash. all right?
is that from your chopper?
banta, theres no use stopping now.
what is she saying?
im sure theyre watching us right now.
hold onto that for me, will you?
tap out the beat tum tamaak tum
one last bullet to kill one last outlaw.
after the meteor shower, i was the one who never looked at you differently.
dude, thats right.
yeah, it was no problem. you know what?
cool by me.
what are you staring at?
you saw a ship crash?
she wants to take him away...
pakistani general says, since we didnt deign to inform him of the raid...
you know, until that day, we were the worst salesmen to ever carry a catalog.
how about a car, a house, money, ice cream.
an unidentified enemy has breached our coastlines in a swift and militaristic attack.
you got a spy though.
i wore a mask.
where it is going to be at a certain point...
everything will be alright.
why would you do this to me?
somebody tripped the panic switch at our security fence.
why did you ask im to come to golconda with deepthi?
tell her to go to applebees.
getting your signal pretty clear.  ok, great, then.
thats how its done.
he bought remaindered books by the pound....
but much of what weve designed has yet to be proven in the field.
tell me doctor, how many times have you diagnosed amnesia?
i know youre worried about your dad and lana but i checked the book out of the library, thats it.
and i love you, tyler.
no home, no ration card.
with the mega number 42.
all of you must behave like gentlemen, got it?
cause every con in here is gonna know about your little escape, before one drop of my blood hits the floor.
yeah, this is judge preston, can you give me the fbi please?
ill be back in a while.
i dont know about this, lillian.
as much as id like to flatter myself the daughters of multinational industrialists usually dont fly around the world to rekindle old flames.
its just over the next ridge.
yes, i was wanted and caught and being transported back.
now, if you wanna join the team...
they must be playing with the blind spots in your vision.
lm a wreck right now, okay?
at least we became friends this way.
so ill write a check, and you will work off the cost of repairs in seans mothers office.
get out of here!
ive been having dreams about you.
my veer is in love.
please tell didi not to wait for me.
who do you work for?
his fingers swell.
thas all i want.
i understand you lying to me. i do.
were on the stage tomorrow.
no. no, no, you dont understand.
why is it so quiet?
dont take it personally, mare.
stick together, no stragglers.
but i cant.
they said they were in charge now.
im looking for someone, too.
oh, sure, we heard ya.
..ill change the design of your face.
when i tell you to stop... just pull it up.
not going to class, clark?
and dont offer any suggestions. ill choose my own.
ill be seeing you, boy.
milich, i can explain everything.
oh, my god.
hes also my lord and master.
youre not my father, clark. now shut up and get out of my way!
get your life vests on!
some plants dont absorb light, they refract it.
im just so proud of you.
never again show your face to me.  no...
a question. an answer
they need help now.
hes probably the only human being on this planet... whos in worse condition than you are.
you know, i had made my peace to what was coming.
thats why i stopped this marriage.
thanks for all your help. wish me luck.
no! this was real.
you saw them chop the hole in my house.
open your present and see.
tonight we are going to read a new book.
and wherever i go, you are coming with me.
do not kill the avatar!
i told you not to trust her!
were catching up. the chopper must have landed.
ive seen many losers commit suicide.
i understand that the power of hurricanes has almost doubled in the past 30 years.
by the way, you forgot one name.
arent you gonna stop it from happening?
depends whos asking.
jasmine, you tell him.
shes not picking up.
i warned you the kents were a tough nut to crack.
theres only one way to approach them...
jin, youre here.
you asked my people to bring you to me.
no ones going to prison.
and because we re married...
just an interesting name to choose.
because im asking you a favour.
she sneaks hits when no ones looking.
great danger will befall you if you dont stop calling me
i dont think you could do it.
than you better get it done corporal.
could be a week before she shows up.
so... why him?
i cant do it.
i dont believe shes really gone.
who gave you this?
this is the same stuff i took a handful of in the forest.
look, im dead serious.
she is present in every moment.
all this while that you were with me..
the new arcwelder, i dont know his last name.
over, uh, 20 years ago, a man named john locke...
no...wait dont look at me...
i gotta go to the gym.
just dont make a scene, okay?
let her listen.
i have to report a man.
be late today.
coconut water, sir.
theyre not attacking your policies, theyre attacking your age.
id say we have a real problem.
just kidding guys!
give me your gun. right now.
in that cavern beneath the temple, when we went to see the monster.
what if a real cop stopped you?
but were just so excited!
will you come with me?
time stands stilled
how did they get there?
ill eat on the train.
but only to show the way
your grandmother, eve garfield, she died last year, right?
you already have.
the last thing we see is this marines ass disappearing in the bush with this angry thanator coming after him.
wheres the helicopter?
you know karma?
why do we need them now?
i was hoping you could speak to claire for me.
tell you what, we get home ill get you another dog.
it appears she did.
i dont need a shrink.
ill think about it.
you could be going to jail.
but what am i supposed...
so, where were you today, jack?
you think thats better than being crazy?
whats your problem?
you come here every night, stay on that same stool, staring at your coffee.
not if there were unexpected maintenance with his plane.
what, the lame amusement park?
wipe that grin off your face.
has he been asking about me?
and thats gonna happen.
its beautiful, actually.
tell her the codeword and kidnap her.
lockes got her too. we know where hes heading.
if you do that to me, clark, ill never speak to you again.
whatever his insane scheme, it will surely be incomplete without you.
is that why youre here?
how old are you? really.
hey, hold up.
the second you get this message, okay, you call me.
and i totally appreciate your letting us move in.
he overtook me and has become confidante of duggal.
your butt to the flo you scared, you scared
but no, jin.
if he was locked up, how could he start the fire?
i found it in the jungle.
yeah, for the big dinner.
... andwhateverthefuckelse !
under a winters sun, like a warm melody... you have caressed me,
you want my opinion?
i guess we start chipping away now.
we had an understanding.
his chest, the wound can you sew him?
i am not going back to work for old macdonald.
were gonna be really happy here. right? agnes?
we locked out a priest?
oh, god... we have to bury them.
susan took him to amsterdam.
give me the tape.
if at any time you change your mind,come and see us.
my names lafleur. im head of security.
all right, drive.
do i really need to answer that?
hes gone to the hostel to look for you.
he wasnt going to go.
laura shouldve done that, but she didnt.
ill support you in that.
secure the area.
danas birthdays next week.
on such short notice.
yeah, yeah, sure, were all ok, i think.
who has the eagle?
you look good out there with them.
look around you.
shes cute anyhow.
you were saying something.
what are your dreams about?
yeah, but my deeds just made things worse. im a fraud.
and now you know everything.
what about the surveillance tape?
how can we tell him lajoji?
he seems disturbed.
tommy, im sick of you.
i want her to like me just the way i am..
cause i think we should just sit in rapture.
you know something about rats!
and he knows more about honor and freedom than you ever will.
right now it is its definitely been over an hour.
it was quite weird.
take it easy, man.
ill come to you.
dear sir or dear mr. moucheboume...
and it is not without peril.
i saw it.
that is sahelu, the bond.
i mean, only a week ago narnians were extinct.
i wonder what happened?
somebody better tell them to stop, or hes dead.
honey, they want you in alaska in three days.
once more please.  one more time please!
look, i think youre amazing, aria.
fiona, the sunrise!
a lot has changed in not very much time, you know?
no, clotaire is oldest, he flunked nursery school.
but theres nothing to do around.
the question is, whats wrong in an ordinary citizen..
no, not in the kitchen.
you dont call, you dont write...
... and passed out when she saw the blood?
but youre gonna listen.
just be sure that you follow the same exact bearing that we came in on, ok?
for this... giving me something to do.
can you imagine waking up one morning and having powers?
where is kelly?
john will not want to show you, so you must make him.
additional sections of awing have been compromised.
thats because our heads have something in them.
were just going for a ride.
all right, heres your sedatives.
its just meat.
and if hes got something on you, clark, hell use it.
i just destroyed my stash.
men reject their prophets and slay them, but they love their martyrs and honor those whom they have slain.
go take a walk or somethin.
the man who lost the eagle of the ninth.
maybe we got turned around. could be anywhere.
i would never want to do anything that would get you in trouble.
they always seem so...
we promise not to let you..
go get that soon oh ok..that one..i understood!
i believe they have you sedated, and if you pull that trigger you may not wake up.
yeah, man, but, you know, we can get the setup right.
did you leave me in a star hotel room?
open, you piece of shit
youd do the same for me.
you cant protect yourself...
you might be strong, but youre not bulletproof!
i cant substantiate it.
could that be part of the plane?
you have to leave.
what if you were blessed?
you brought your weapon.
id go over and make out with that girl right now.
rahul my son... my life!
ehhe ehhee yaar, he has been raped!
sorry for what, babe?
youre sure you dont want me to come with you?
where is he?
can i ask you a question?
youre not staying?
you asked me why i...
youre working with the fbi?
okay, danny, i need a nobs assessment here.
jacob, do you believe sam would agree to an understanding?
how else were you supposed to fix it?
i wont forget that.
unfortunately for madame gaillard... the bargain was shortlived.
was it that hard?
jeff, what happened?
but that wont work.
you couldve crushed my skull. but you didnt do a thing.
you dont interrupt me when im speaking.
she steals their hearts away.
now he gets ambitious.
who gave him food?
you do that, youll kill every one of us.
it was my call.
how long you gonna keep him tied down like that?
now what will happen to my daughter?
a term demanding an equal answer....
well be friends forever.
where else would you be?
i live on this reef a long, long way from here.
how much ever they may celebrate, this marriage will not happen.
whyd you do this?
yeah, i think thats exactly what you said.
ive some important work.
i made contact with some of the survivors, and, uh, we were just, uh
well, you both cut the world to pieces, dont you?
dont let go!
she told me that life is about change.
i want you to reconsider leaving the island, jack.
that game couldnt have been pretty.
yeah, but why would you move here?
a.c.l. this morning.
you have to leave.
i dont think i understand it.
could you do that again in english, please?
when the word got out, over 5,000 people came to see her face for themselves.
how could he come out so quickly?
and if hes in delhi where could he be?
but to risk yours, just for the sake of never having to lose you,
i love you very much, alexandra.
so the less you knew about him, the better.
im completely out of countenance.
mac when i was 12 and gram five years later.
whoa!  aah! no!
no ones going to believe that.
well, lets just put it this way someones going to get hurt.
i had a change of heart.
sorry. im sneakier than i give myself credit for.
hes the man thats gonna tell us what to do next, james.
what are you going to do, terrence, shoot me?
look what he dug out.
this is a curling iron, not a magic wand.
why wont you let me help you?
how are you gonna manage?
im not doing this reading.
sounds like a plan.
i m sure of you.
im fed up of your lunacy.
norm, i hear good things about you.
theres no history ever of a don falling in love.
a white one?
suddenly, some boy arrives with a letter from his recently deceased mother claiming gusteau is his father?
i need it to be over.
ill get it right away.
i guess shes back.
the gun, howd you get it on the plane?
even you think the same dont you?
and one other thing... when you see dobbs... this rig is like my house.
i think from what i know of olivia dunham shes the one person i would bet on who could survive.
this is somebody you simply must meet.
two months ago, you couldnt trust me with the laundry, and now?
have i been waiting for you!
it is a good place for any who wish to make a new start.
did you notice anything...
look, my hand
even the hotel people are along with them.
the cradles great, its the baby thats the problem.
university of minnesota.
you need a gun to go talk to your mother,dan?
carrying all this water back and forth is gonna be a real pain in the ass.
could you please tell john that i called?
actually, im gonna fix everything...
i was born this way.
let me help you there.
so you ready to do this?  hell, yeah.
mike,you have to get his thumb back at all costs. kitt,plot an intercept.
the blast sounded like it came from this way, i think.
whered they come from?
i want you to show me what you do.
im sorry im late.
you wouldnt believe the things ive had to eat.
okay. lets get under and make a battle plan.
gusteau wouldnt hesitate.
and when i reached there, i saw a small girl there.
..and that too in tonybhais area.
oh, i forgot.
youve been on stage in front of thousands of screaming fans.
you see.. my brother is very nice.
we have a big house, servants at our disposal.
i cant. see, its too late.
now who has done this?
ill kill you with my bare fuckin hands!
a strange incident took place with me.
what are you gonna say to her?
i opened an account.
because im busy.
lets handle it, then.
you should just leave.
you did it. you did it.
why dont we fry them up now and serve them with chips?
we spent all sorts of time looking for ya.
i am going as fast as the system will allow me, dear.
you said that she died on the honeymoon night.
okay. sixteen hundred bucks.
because people have been talking outside the flight attendant social circle of trust, and word is that nobody really believes that.
i want to tell you what i did.
what if the blue fairy isnt real at all?
now, when we put our cups together, we will make the clink sound with our mouths.
i carried you on my back to your camp.
you were wasting your third wish.
major, the faster you finish it the better for everyone.
lm sure you are.
how hard did you hit your head?
i know you get obsessed about things, like the car accident.
why are you staring at me?
my hands are freezing.
i love you, baby.
go. go, go, go, go!
mum was so beautiful.
daddy, am i gonna get a puppy for christmas?
but i want to keep playing the piano.
on the other side of the island... we found a place much like this.
it draws the death penalty.
how do you all plan to stop it?
you are a good man after all.
ive seen the expression on your face when you read it.
you just said something mean, didnt you?
she doesnt want to talk to you.
yesterday a thunder struck my home.
your first wish..
oh, will do.
morning. here you go, doc.
if she refuses, then i remain sachin... and i fade out of her life.
if we let too many of them into the city, their sheer numbers could overwhelm us.
because in your horoscope your stars have return home.
or hes got huge balls.
great, i need you to haul ass over there and throw the siding switch.
when you left, and he left,
vector has the girls. go!
in less than an hour, aircraft from here will join others from around the world.
sorry, we had a problem in the kitchen.
we have two confirmed visual contacts.
nobody can challenge the destiny.
this is barry.
i trusted you!
hurry up and do your business.
youre just a don, thats all.
its in 3d.
id been a bachelor for 56 years.
thats an alternate.
where you going?
well, you never know. the house were going to might be even better.
ill always keep you happy.
he rescued three men in his unit during a firefight.
what was supposed to happen?
you eat when we say you eat.
prada was a parrot. this is a..
hes never impressed.
all were trying to do is figure out whats going on.
hes never able to embrace him and sayl love you my son?
there to share in his greatness.
thats why ive called and informed machiraju.
youre cuddling me.
oh, i have yours!
were all a sucker for a guy with a sixstring.
just so you know, hes got a little fin.
where is the tough guy?
its got no use on the inside.
give them to me.
let me talk to sawyer.
what is the matter with you?
walk us out, sweetheart. come on!
put your trust in the lord.
but when everyone bowed i didnt bow back.
madyam paadam thuchuk thuchuk... unbelievable yaar.... u done the right point.. rancho
this is the domestic terminal.
watch your head. almost there.
who did you cheat?  mukesh duggal!
what if... he was already here, before we crashed?
grits and spit and collard greens
that he understands the traditions ofthis family.
bhattu, you promised to save us but hell bent on ruining us now.
bring him down. it seems hell tell the truth.
eat your own crap, alright.
what did you say now?
so then should i leave?
so, maya, now that you two have slept together,
address is of church and hes playing role of jesus.
if you ever touch her against her will again...
she sees me from a distance.
even the stars and flowers know.
i can do anything for her.
and dont you go anywhere.
ask sgt. eversmann. he likes skinnies.
i knew you had it in you.
and, my lord, if he wasnt the spitting image of his daddy.
one day, my father will take me back and you will bow before me.
yes, hes in calcutta.
this place i am taking you to, there is something that will help you, something important.
it is real!
we can reapply, but unfortunately you have to leave the country for at least a year.
just think, in a couple of days...
were moving to italy at the end of the month.
babe, what are you talking about? come on.
echo one, welcome wagon is in the air.
im low on ammo, i got many wounded including me...
whos gonna take care of that boy?
gross, little, grayish yellow things?
hey, look. i just want to go back to my room.
i couldve sent it, and i probably should have.
theres a bomb!
that their sons would become successful and return to rome at the head of their own army.
treat me like a criminal. ill give them something to be scared about.
i make my own rules.
who are you to say otherwise, sir?
somethings out there.
then it came back, and it took my phone.
they can see us.
he needs blood.
it looks very bad on my report.
l dont want to befriend him.
jockstrap saves principal from burning car!
its a childrens book, right?
take a trip for a minute, you know?
how long till well hit land?
theyve studied poetry, havent they?
ill spend the rest of my life in the shu.
this isnt supposed to be here.
bjrn. lts dutch for, uh, baby carrier.
he left her like this?
chavez and you better make it quick.
do me a favour, make him feel like part of the team, hm?
tell me why you brought me here or i turn around.
and local authorities are coming to terms
what about you?
it appears like had happened just now.
he found me an apartment in anchorage.
just tell them i authorized it.  ok.
parrots life is in danger!
i got ya covered, big daddy!
all right, lets go! keep it moving!
what is a machine?
i dont care about that.
i know where the key is. he...
that is sanjay singhania.
i wonder what this button does.
well see you on the ground.
no. old habits, you know?
what will you do now that youre officially home alone?
to graze the cows, sir. can we pass?
get under the bed.
my mother died when i was 14.
why are you teasing him?
clark, what happened to you last night?
whose idea was it to stay at the beach where they could pick us off one by one?
this baby is all of ours.
what did you do?
sorry, i didnt mean to scare you.
give her all you got, tell galvin we got two guys out on the mainline about to play chicken with our train.
you were drowning.
youre a blight, a stain, scavenger.
so were screwed either way, arent we?
do you have to play soccer?
its a breaker box.
move, and ill kill him.
he does whats in his heart.
wait, at least give me the gun.
thats three blocks from where nadia was killed.
whered you find her?
allow me to crack a trivial joke as well.
its, uh, 296spe.
steal the records and you can make some quick cash?
yeah, i hear hes gonna farm the land all the way out to ames road.
you slap me today.
just got word the package is on the move.
no one builds children.
i think so... yaar tell me one thing.. are you a scientist or a teacher?
we fly along the same northeast route every commercial airliner bound for los angeles does.
make it stop!
i came here to become a doctor.
it was beautiful,daniel.
all right, go, go, go.
youre supposed to help me! john, its over!
be quiet if you want to live!
can i stay up and watch the nutcracker?
do you think something happened to the raft?
but these girls are becoming a major distraction!
he wanted me to give you a message.
you mean it can get us out of here?
he built his own empire just as the fords and the rockefellers did.
you should be happy too.
hes just trying so hard!
lets be frank, dominic. my father sent you here to spy on me because hes afraid of how well im doing.
shes kind of cute, right?
a light?  yeah. over there.
they could be in trouble
then go to hell.
oh, god! we need help back here!
all right, you take the wheel.
because men followed my orders.
you help him get dressed, and ill go take care of the paperwork.
she stole 30 dollars.
youre not exactly what i expected.
whats this boys?
tina, i didnt see you at school today. is everything okay?
whats your name?
out of the way, julio.
yeah, or he may be sending a few of his own.
i have heard a lot about you.
i thought you should be the first to know.
you say he was halfway around the world, but did you see...
water, earth, fire and air nomads lived amongst each other in harmony.
okay, you know the drill, right?
if you had read the list you would know...
we were so close, why didnt it see us?
why,then you could go on with your work.
there could be a mathematical explanation for how bad your tie is.
no, no, no. i think we should.
but you need to let go of the past... so you could have a future!
one has to do something to null the pain of age.
im sure allah is happy that sam is with him in heaven.
forgive the expression, but this is a crash course in modern avionics.
anything not bolted down toss it out!
nice suit, sir.
knock on doors, find witnesses. but we dont even have doors.
we walk away.
please, i dont wanna burn!
i dont know yet.
you just keep growing and growing.
youre a killer, sayid.
theres no curse. but you just told me
put a little mustard on mine, captain crazy!
im not complaining.
oh, my gosh, he is so cute.
this is camera c, portside aft corner, at roughly the same time.
if hes convinced, then you pass muster.
what else didnt you tell me?
i thought about mom. isnt that strange?
by the time chathur recovers from this shock, before that itself racho changed a few words in the speech like..... chamathkaar has become balathkaar  miracle   rape  had you called me sir?
so i couldnt stay there.
i feel like a total outsider.
ok, you do that.
now, i wanna wait for your kleenex and water.
i still wake up sometimes in the middle of the night.
we cant hide forever.
we should get another.
its in tarrytown.
morning, staff sergeant.
im just saying, if you go to the university of alaska,
here you go.
take me in your arms, im not stopping you.
clark, chloes on the phone, she sounds really freaked out.
trade skills and hobbies.
when you trust me then i trust you as well.
be grateful youre still alive.
thats it. youre doing great!
theres no need to...
how are we gonna tell that were in the right position?
is there someone there?
actually, i went out and spoke to kyle.
drinking enough water?
no, im being forced to dance!
you read them all in my file.
wow, this is better than an auto show!
its always the plan.
yeah, it was coming from over there.
sister, where were you?
i dont blame you.
did you call them?
a little too hot for you, huh?
you are here, too.
wheres my picture?
whats she like?
im michael knight.
ill make you soup when i get back.
somebodys gotta work around here.
how come anytime theres a hike into the heart of darkness, you sign up? you know whats in there.
now, i know its a lot, but itd be so beautiful.
whoa! hold on. wait to cross.
so he ran without me? why didnt he just knock on my door?
ill learn it.
it has been confirmed that hes traveling north.
please leave me.
we wanna know who you are.
but my brother zakir tells me thats my job.
i do the same thing with astronomy.
ive ordered this for you only, have it.
theres a whole lot of real estate in between here and the outside walls.
well, the truth sounds insane sometimes.
suddenly, dad didnt think my talent was useless.
you need to start thinking about getting these men out of here.
what do i do kaur?
dad, this is the airport.
what a rush, old man.
i was a younger sister, too, once. still am.
i thought maybe theyd gotten to you. oh, yeah?
goodbye, ms. carver. its been enlightening.
absolutely. okay, now. look.
listen close, you little punk.
did you find the lamp?
we have two suspects in custody.
youre not experiencing any tingling sensation, cold sweats or...
but manny, look on the bright side..you have us!
chandus uncle fed chandus aunty on a moonlit night in
thus far, reports of oppression...
i was enjoying some alone time.
it pissed the warden off something awful.
..some specific sounds increase the rate of your heartbeat.
if ana hadnt lifted your gun...
it was a fight!
im not clubbing till 600 a. m., not getting arrested. im on track.
no, you heard me right.
you not only wiped him out, you wiped out the truck too!
oh, i love you, man.
im sorry, but we have to place you under arrest.
its out there,
i was here before the highway split this great valley.
someone promised me it would be different.
yeah, well, just remember sometimes youre the windshield, sometimes youre the bug.
well, tell them the situation is fragile.
we go when im ordered to, soldier.
is it fair to lose a job for a girl?
jin? ! you still there?
..either i will have to change my questions..
i couldnt even kill him.
no matter what you hear, dont come up.
why were you talking to humans?
get something to trap it.
hanh hes tellin if wanna meet rancho come to campus at 8, on the tank oh s hey u come out fast ya ok ok
i told them the same indirectly.
are you lecturing me?
what are you doing?
you planted the device in the partys headquarters, didnt you?
you seem to have a pretty good sense of the game.
when i was a child, i saw my mother killed.
jacob hadnt talked to me in weeks.
i thought you two were with jack at the beach.
ive been seeing someone.
thats a death sentence, young blood, and i aint going with you.
dont tell me thats pepper.
unless you want a sexual harassment suit crammed down your throat, you will listen to what i have to say.
hey, colin, its me.
we cant safely make that tunnel any bigger.
hey, wheres sean?
if he testifies at that hearing a lot of people are going down, including me.
everyones dying to see him, not one of us has ever met him.
i like the beach, charlie.
wasnt planning on it.
no, no, no, no.
we protect young girls.
i dont want nenat.
you trying to be a hero?
hold your line!
ok, ok, ok. right 1 5, left...
but if your father died defending it, he died honorably.
what do you say we try that one again, huh?
all the stuff we got to deal with, man, this is what youve been wasting your time on?
dont forget to take her little potty box with you.
you dont like to get up in front of crowds.
when i found my dads medals, i felt he was telling me which path i should take.
well, i feel much more comfortable now. thanks.
the children, however, sensed at once that there was something different about him.
that puts us even now, ghost.
the numbers are bad!
couple weeks after amandas funeral, i walk into a greasy spoon in bludhaven and there he is.
ill introduce you to chandrakala, you must tell her about me which i cant tell myself.
dont talk to me about fair!
were going to lockes camp.  what?
youve got to help me.
they are moments away from detecting the source of my tap.
and ill make you the best perfumer in the whole world.
you had the equivalent of three doses of horse tranquilizer in your system.
if we drill holes in strategic locations, we compromise the loadcarrying capacity of the wall.
governing dynamics, sir.
we see it, too.
its not your concern, so dont trust the russians.
i can get you out of here. no way, dude.
why dont you join us?
how long will this continue?
you wanna stay?
whaaats goooing onnn?
okay, how pathetic did that just sound?
any last thoughts, kitt?
indeed i am.
you have hurt me
i wrote a bunch of tunes on that. you all everybody.
go ahead, dan. show her.
hope your flight was comfortable. hello. come on.
you said i need to survive this. why?
move your hand.
i assume henry gale did not have any paper on which to compose his thoughts, so he had to improvise.
its gotta be soon.
we leave him.
i saw you riding around town the other day... on your bike.
madam, i dont have change.
no, hes a plongeur or something.
will you take sam to discovery museum?
open this door!
can i ask you something?
a radio. maybe a cell phone.
gas up here.
denise, get me a drink.
regret following me out here,or are ya worried about what we should do next?
he was dropped on his head as a child.
my dads died a long time ago.
you realize were gonna be poor now, right?
rustling  okay, that is definitely not a rabbit.
i know exactly where she is.
instinct told me it was the wrong way to go.
am i disturbing you?
when others dont have answers to a question they come to me.
weve only got a few minutes.
they can tack two years onto your bid, automatic.
and who would know that better than you.
go on, take a walk.
man! you can drive, man!
just moments ago, a fullscale riot broke out at terminal island penitentiary.
look what ive been building!
are you in trouble?
who among you will be the vanguard of democracy,
and if it doesnt?
did you hear something?
he is gonna kick your butt.
do you guys want to go see face punch?
even goats look before jumping. and you just jumped
only the winner walks out alive.
yeah, you were saying that if you were one of them, that youd lead us into a trap.
who are we to tell anyone what they can or cant do?
brother salman, sorry.
because it doesnt make sense for you to love me.
hey, what did chandar use to say?
peggy odell was killed around nine. the same time we lost nine minutes.
how did you manage to lose so much weight?
... andyouandimade love .
the boathouse down by the dock?
what have i done?
i certainly appreciate your help.
hurley, what are you doing right now?
like its all up to you.
at least, i think he means you two.
what can i say?
every single day.
whats all the shouting about?
if i too..
its a boat word, er what is it?
now, shes gonna need to make sure claire pushes but not too hard, not too fast, just until the head is clear, and then as hard as she can.
take their guns.
jenny is happy with rahul.
im gonna give you an hour to decide whether you wanna talk to me.
i meant its roomy.
home is where the family is.
whitney, what are you doing here?
thank you for being sorry.
compared to what?
let her off the hook.
because the phone call came from washington, d.c.
and when im looking into her eyes,
why would he be interested in us?
we got it..rancho..
you are pumping water out.
thats the total opposite of nice!
follow my lead.
ill do it myself...
i have no idea what the
then you flip it over.
this year, how could it be anything else?
billy needs me close.
im sorry, what?
soninlaw, move aside.
a real woman..
i got a new song.
singing bob marley?
again, i offer my condolences on your nephew burning to death in that terrible accident.
or 30 years from now.
sorry, dr. harford.
she could put in a good word.
just... just finishing up the buttons.
aah! damn it! crap!
no one can teach you to see.
sir, you say rs.80, 000.
i have to go.
everyone shares. ill take you to the one close to your seat.
always in the way.
by the way, our aim is same.
this is politics, and its beyond your knowledge.
whats this twist?  yes.
maybe i could write the state senate and request funds from them.
shall we list the things the telmarines have taken?
oh god, hes not breathing.
whos next? dory pick me, pick me.
thats mine. give it to me.
i get attacked, and you want to give me sleeping pills?
i thought they were coming to us.
but they know im after them now.
show vishwas his room.
ive always said so.
were not savages.
please go away now.
if this is worrying you, theres tests i could do.
it kicked what!
have you lost your mind?
what did he say?
ive been getting you off on my scag for over a week now on spec.
what have you done to him?
are you here with anyone tonight, alice?
youre wrong, soon youll be drowning in lycans just like before
she loved you.
back door. im gettin some supplies.
its worth a look.
no understand. you speak english?
humiliated me.... i wont let you conquer, rastogi
its just that theres nothing i can do about it.
keamys coming back,
you went to loyola.
whyd you take the money?
were headed there now.
this is new yearning,
david, you are the enduring memory of the human race.
tomorrow, itll be a bill gates.
a bengal tiger is the real deal.
itll be a night you wont forget.
connie, well initiate the emergency broadcast system.
see what you made me do?
hes ramming the truck!
i have a debt of honor to you now.
listen... dont do it.
my grandmother had a place thats a restaurant in tangerine, florida.
probably just ran out of paper.
youre a spy. i shouldve known.
..and the feet move in a different direction.
wow, someone needed a hug!
aisle fifteen for nerf.
i dont trust him.
a few cosmos, a couple of stunts they havent seen between the sheets and they think the scam is their idea.
youre here now.
how could u be so careless pia!
i saw her in lexs bedroom going through his things.
you sure you dont want us to lower you down?
i dont know whos worse him or chavez.
i know i woke you and im so very, very sorry, but, please, staying awake for eight hours straight?
ladies and gentlemen, im cliff elvis wolcott.
this whole town is drying up, and the mayor is the only one who dont seem to be affected.
go on, bust that worthless head wide open.
three sharks?  thats 4,800 teeth!
wish for whatevers in your heart.
then lets test someone.
i was on my way here, john.
the goal was to possess... everything the world had to offer in the way of odors.
annie, whats going on?
yes, it should.
always taking, never giving.
jenny will be happy too?
you should hold out for someone with a stronger stomach.
come on, dont you want to worship at a beautiful altar.
yeah. in the diary, they talk about a flower.
he speaks very highly of you.
have we reached your place?
nobody. this boys a hardcore alkie.
where is it?
herr kommandant, telephone.
i would really hate it.
did i ask you to come closer?
she was walking to her car and getting her keys out of that red bag with the butterflies.
i took the zodiac from the freighter.
call it spiritual insurance.
you do realize that, dont you?
why dont you give him some of your cigarettes instead?
but there are times when a critic truly risks something and that is in the discovery and defense of the new.
just tell me whats happening.
how do you know?
god everything is going wrong.
i mean theres a man just like him. hes very good boy.
a farming accident. you know how it is.
is that hanna?
100,000 tons of animal waste to process here every year.
but i think its mal.
do you have a side?
i have to help walter. he cant walk on his own.
now, quietly take your gift and scram. ls that clear?
guess i have tough skin.
its definitely living up to expectations.
like the love of a child for its parents.
talk to him.
mr. browning maurice fischers policy is always one of avoiding litigation.
well probably get to jack faster if we dont talk.
all units respond.
what do you say?  its okay to me.
and now you have got one more...
honey, i said wait for me by the pool.
my size and knowledge base actually makes me older than you because of your general paleness and lack of knowhow.
shes an old friend.
left, right, left.
welcome back to the force, officer cortez.
300 naira, sir.
so i was surfing the net, doing some research...
when you get to know about my dad... itll blow your brains.
he shoots, and he scores!
take me home.
ithe have brought it, but im being harassed by police.
just find her!
used the van to screen the door.
ill meet you at the motor pool.
ive done a lot of stuff that im not proud of,
i dont think of you as a friend.
a man in a sedan has been there all week, just waiting... presumably for you or me to show our faces.
what are you wearing in the photo?
thats why ive decided that this is my last cigarette.
looked around the block.
mom, you okay?
rancho used to say that knowledge is increasing everywhere.......where ever you get... gain it!
is she gonna be all right?
thats not the protocol
van gogh over there is my new cellmate.
look, i do trust you, clark, i do.
you will have to.
somebody kill that fucking machine!
its time for the bus to leave.
and still you did all this?
and i cant wait.
you going fishing?
i didnt think you were agitating type.
of course the fucking torch doesnt wanna burn.
get him out of your thoughts.
that, right there.
lex you have disappointed me.
another, kate will position in the jungle, roughly two kilometers in.
thanks for the loaner.
ill, uh leave it blank for now.
what kind of incident?
did you believe that dead cop back there?
..and youre coming with me.
can you zoom in and enhance?
i let go.
i dont believe in fairy tales.
the ones they really wanted.
the torch is a school paper. its not your own personal tabloid.
its not, strictly speaking, legal.
say the word, g. ill send it.
it was him.
get your ass out here right now, or im gonna kill your daughter.
nearly a year ago you reported it as being totally wrecked.
well, im helping you.
we gotta kill it.
lj, its veronica.
mr. caldwell has been helping me arrange my trip to the united states.
is that going to be a problem for you?
but i bet they work too hard.
get your foot out of my face!
if you touch her, ill kill you myself.
and mike is gonna be out too,
well look at that.
if i fire him now, everyone will wonder why.
youre wasting time.
thats the guy from the mercado deal?
theyre gonna come like rain that never ends.
because he asked, hugo.
love will weaken me.
its my midafternoon snack.
i will say this. if caspian does know of the deep magic, my lord would have good reason to be nervous.
on the floor, god damn it!
wanna see a doctor?  it is not necessary, i am fine really.
i couldnt wait to show it to you.
im still working on it.
were going under it.
were all dead, asshole!
we need a pressure valve.
thats what i do for mr. widmore.
why only i could see her?
why would ben say the people coming here intend to do us harm?
look at all this fresh meat!
what do i tell her?
the kommandants father will be here, and i believe lieutenant kotler is joining us.
do you think its true?
i thought ofyou so much that i felt like embracing you and... telling you how much i love you.
is nearly impossible for...
its gonna be okay. okay, here you go. okay.
not anyone. who will dare love me?
i brought you a present for helping me with the translations.
i have considered that.
some of you are gonna get hurt.
you invited them to the party, right?
yeah, we all did.
you want to make this leather smell good, dont you?
ok, heres what you gotta do.
its under control.
im sorry if what i said was confusing, but i asked jin to come.
i wanted to take you up on your offer.
pay him now.
yeah thats us.
... when clark jumped between us.
how did you know there was a bullet in my leg, richard? because you told me there was, john.
we are combat ineffective, understand?
ill lose my eyes.  lose? youll get it back.
the one i was sitting with the other day.
vinnie, pay attention.
well, as long as you didnt, you know, sell your truck.
you cant deny that.
all hands on deck, staff sergeant.
everyone needs to know about this.
n to answer to their question whether they paas or fail, its not gonna affect their jobs because they r not gonna get jobs at all!
keep quiet, mandira. quiet.
just take my wallet!
you saved my life.
is he gonna be all right?
were gonna get out of here. both of us!
these units are falling tactically. their strategies are coordinated.
we killed him!
nothing, i am just changing the number according..
how far is this place?
get on the floor, youll start dancing.
..all i need is your help in winning jasmines heart.
besides, my lifes too dangerous for that kind of thing.
the genie will be out of the bottle, and all the people will know that the new and improved lex luthor is nothing but a facade.
we got a serious problem, ana lucia.
not that.... that means  what kinda insulting topic is this boy speaking!
i assume this is about your transfer request for michael scofield.
hop in bed, now, kiddo.
norm, your pack.
whats going on here?
if you want to be happy here, youve to become a member.
what the hell are you doing out?
people even say that we look alike. we could be sisters.
jack, whats the matter?
she wakes up two nights screaming. first time, sleepwalking.
keep the change.  thank you.
sprinkle some water.
fine. i can wait one more day.
i din do it!
im sure he doesnt know either...
then why is kate with him?
we need to talk
whatever you do, dont mention dar...
say it, as i said it.
is it deliberate?
well, here i am. ready to pitch in.
i heard you were d.b. cooper.
she knows ill kill you.
dilated and ready to go. thats it.
say it dad. say it.
my father and i have absolutely no relationship whatsoever, so whatever your father is a really terrible human being.
what do you want a tyre for, anyway?
it doesnt really...
i need some time.
hes not gonna stop until were all dead.
welles, i got nothing.
nina.  so are you two sisters?
i think shes busy convincing the planet they were insane ever to publish without her.
mr shephard im very sorry for you loss.
its ridiculous. i cant get dry. hello.
if we just turn around and go back, were never gonna see him again.
no. he must believe hes in control.
stay in there, jack.
the date is set.
no, im telling you.
walt do you wanna know a secret?
the last person to leave stagg industries.
yeah. and you know why.
the sky people have sent us a message...
ill marry any girl you select for me, aunty.
hi anjali... one second...
i cant choose between two halves of myself.
take on the town, as we used to.
lets eat food.
i am not laughing.
guess who it is?
youd know if i had.
theyre not dead, james.
come on, really. what do you thinks inside?
well, bill... ?
president, do youve 2000 rupees?
you shouldnt be here.
were running out of time, grab the remote.
okay, whatve we got here, whatve we got?
old spuds is our supervisor.
why did you give kate the shampoo?
get us out of here, goddamn it, drive!
just about half of fifth avenue.
didnt you hear her?
i always put it in the same place.
stop it or ill smack you!
whatwherewhere were you?
i didnt see anything.
excuse me can i get through here?
i have learnt everything.
in all those years that you were together how many diamond necklaces did he give you?
on our sixth day here,
she said theres no water in the bank!
i just have one more question.
im not sure trading peoples their thing.
well, how big is the universe?
i can help you, john.
jin saw you while he was fishing.  ha!
anything more on the man we arrested at the girls hostel?
she doesnt understand, sayid.
i love you!
how many more rocks do we have to find?
do you know what they are saying?
im accustomed to it by now
they still have that?
its in the shed.
what are we discussing?
you were part of a team, jack.
he wants to die, too.
they have chosen you!
get out of my way!
and im not a terrorist.
ive done some pretty stupid things lately.
did you see that?
this is pretty special, if youre not afraid of spiders.
besides, its illegal.
can i not get a note from a doctor or something?
no, i didnt. because i was there and im fine.
no, thats too familiar.
hugos with ben.
do you have a past in the navy youve neglected to tell me about?
im suddenly a gusteau.
cool. that dude creeps me out. hes still in the rec room,right?
thanks for your time, mr. cole.
maybe we ought to take a look at them insides and find out, hmm?
can you ply to madras?  no...no...
move them out!
couldnt find the anthuriums.  i dont know what they look like.
its good to see you, hurley.
tell me what you know about the prince, the fire lords son.
he insisted that the girl should bring from her parents house... lots oflove and a long long ladder.
babies like the feeling of being constricted.
little bit. you ever been?
put the medal on the pedal..press the accelerator go out there n make history any questions?
like how you used to always say becky cooper.
no, thank you.
one minute youre here, and the next youre gone.
just because weve not heard from it doesnt mean it wont get hungry again.
you try too hard, sawyer.
its not personal.
its where the filtering process starts.
and you know it. he has no reason to protect us.
im guessing a certain follically challenged individual was behind it.
they were all locked up in a bunker.
im not that versatile.
you always see things youve never noticed before.
let go of me!  lambchop!
calm down, king.
i got a brilliant parking spot today,
we only have a few hours to do this.
why dont you join us?
brother, need keys to keep water inside.
i can walk 50 feet. ill help you.
practice human interaction and social comportment.
well, maybe i dont have to go.
no, no, no!
look, whatever you got going on, fill me in, cause im in the dark here.
we now consider the matter closed.
we wont be needing that.
hi, helen. im john.
why are you going bhaiyya?
im so heavy
no, its a pickup band.
oh, dr. shephard, theres a call for you.
and without love...there would be no...
yeah, well, its a good thing youre a physicist then, isnt it?
can you hear me, mandy?
i aint supposed to be here.
hey,what are you doing?
i mean, it was all bollocks.
i hear pizza bin is hiring.
but, baby, its important for a boy and girl to be together..
thats why you need to talk to your father.
yeah, its not.
are you telling me the truth?
floyd  what is this place?
i dont like soldiers.
well, thats just it, you see.
i thought you were waiting...
ive to sit and work.
just give us the boy.
oh. yeah, yeah, yeah.
have you been feeling okay lately?
and its another beautiful day here in central city.
the way you supported me in front of britains queen after the princes demise..
i know what youve done, selene
i never voted.
lex, what brings you all the way out here?
you seem more relaxed, like you havent got the weight of the world on your shoulders.
but you havent answered my question.
my dear,my love, young mango,
im looking for someone.
that was great, leese.
hey, best possible outcome, you know.
crashing? no. one second, im being tossed around.
see, if you have eyes to see...
l.j., do you want to talk...
you come in my dreams everyday on a scooter wearing a brides costume !
it was the only way.
whos in charge here?
get everyone else.
you and i know something that many lives and many more dollars have been spent to keep secret.
the chairman of air voice?
how many of you?
you told me to eat mutton.
is the rat important?
where did you suddenly land from, full of love?
if not the tour is cancelled.
dont shoot. youll piss him off.
so, i bought a car.
i thought it prudent to investigate.
did you get a bad report card?
i mean, my 5anhour job at fish n fry?
in my heart of hearts, how i pine
guys, i got something.
man vanished like a fart in the wind.
maybe some of you will rub off on clark.
hes probably trying to explain time travel by now.
the man that you saw was my brother.
i see you met mrs. cobb.
damn... a shortterm memoryloss patient is reminding me?
then if youll excuse me,
i am not moving to the rape caves.
my daddy never got a chance to beat me.
the patients husband had informed the attending in the er.
he hung onto the ledge for an hour before the fire department rescued him.
wed better leave, too, then.
where who cant get to us?
oh, and get a hold of pr, have them start drafting a press release.
you thought you could make bones with daddy by taking me down.
i just want someone to go pay this guy a visit, thats all. mr carlisle.
once we kill a few thousands..
hey kim, whats up?
pull the plug.
then he had to move away.
you never showed up.
your spelling hasnt improved.
look. i know...
and he said you killed him.
id feel a lot better if we took it to the cashier. no, i dont wanna...
thanks. you can just set it down there.
your lnspector is in a big hurry
..who is a little crazy.
hehe wanted me to tell her that his... that his body washed up on the beach.
theres a radio tower on this island?
im in bliss till i get know it, im crossing many people and places on the way, im switching off and on like the signal on the highway,
its 1977, right?
but jeanbaptiste proved to be as tough as a resilient bacterium.
leave her with us and walk out.
you know what?
youre not a bad guy. youre just not a people person.
you just had to say somethin.
no, i dont think it was the water.
who are they?
whats a glass of that run you?
he and i are just best friends.
why the hell would they do that?
you cant fight natural law.
maybe i can help.
we tell her that kid got away, we are not here now.
just leave me alone.
weve been infiltrated.
so sit back, relax and enjoy the inflight movie.
it is written
no, dad might be in trouble.
its a big responsibility, but you can handle it.
thats why he wasnt on the list.
hes a friend of yours, and brooks is a reasonable man.
you killed my daughter.
everyone get insomnia every now and then.
what are you doing, jenny?
just shut up, just shut up.
if you dont study..
i stayed in bangalore to find a job.
if you cant handle it, dont cash your paycheck this week.
..for the flood inflicted georgia state. after offering aid to the state of georgia.. the president will go to new york from here to..
i was outside.  oh, really?
i wont let my daughter go.
all right, situation is as follows
i got dibs on home appliances.
i know hes out here somewhere.
its just i think about you in this place.
will this amulets end our curse, mr. vishwatma?
what does he know?
two more spotted over the atlantic.
wanna tell me why you let michael in here?
i had found a suitable husband for her.
..that we british are not afraid of massacre.
see..this very much frank behaviour of urs is not good for our company!
because 50 years from now, this island is still here!
i dont know how you got here.
you need to start taking responsibility seriously, son.
why are you gonna do it?
none of them have field experience, military training.
could be oil, oil companies...
your cocounsels already here.
miles here and three of his people came to the island about a week ago.
you know how much i love you! ?
im feeling giddy already.
i am going back.
ive been waiting for you.
these things, they do look better in pieces. they do.
a fight that you started!
you cant change the past, james!
he tried hosing it off.
no!  can you hear me?
if we get picked up by a ship, when they come back to rescue the rest of yall,
tell me, general how many men did you lose?
looks exactly like my idea.
you creep into my bedroom in the dead of night like a rat and have the audacity to pretend that youre the victim?
im one of the oceanic six!
he could be armed.
lets try not to blow it this time.
its been raining every afternoon. that means that we are on the cusp of monsoon season.
youll be fine. ok, i can figure this out. im an intelligent woman.
i know youre angry and you have every right to be, but we need to talk.
but weve never been. and its the funnest place on earth!
im gonna kill you now!
you have 10 minutes to complete this assignment. youd better find every rock.
ive got my eye on you two.
you havent done any hankypanky with my sister, have you?
im, uh... im your father.
when i see you, keep on laughing,
theres something you dont see every day. a pompom meltdown.
when did that stop?
quite an expert.
using the signal from her gps,
he must continue his journey to grasse.
then how do we know he isnt one of the ones who disappeared?
john alicia, please dont be angry.
this afternoon weve arranged for a discussion on antipollution.
he was here!
you got dr. rehman arrested!
youre safe now.
..that the boy wasnt at fault at all.
im sure your intentions were noble.
did you hear that?
... thatweneed to do as soon as possible.
yeah, she was one of my best friends.
sir... what did she say when she got to know about you?
wow. whered you guys get cereal?
we liked him immediately.
my son sam, and his best friend reese, they they love playing soccer.
went after walt?
excuse me, mr. rango.
do i make myself clear, captain?
no, youre not going to die.
sorry,i didnt know you were in here.
yeah, either the island is, or we are.
such friends are rare.
where can we reach you?
i spent half the morning on that soup.
do you have to go to the bathroom?
so ryans stepdad is a real catch. hes a career criminal.
why dont we move out?
you know, im glad you asked me that.
why are you so serious?
ill just have a cup of coffee, please.
why dont you bring back some friends.
there are some supplies there that we dont have here.
they called me.
fine. well go for a stroll.
no, hes not.
jack and sayid could be hurt, if not blown to bits, all because youre acting like some bloody nutter.
that would be the only chance i have of getting out.
come on. lt was always gonna be just a matter of time with her.
i want to get back to our life.
looks like 777 is slowing down.
and everyones in on it!
what do we do now, sheriff?
he was in my tent last night. quizzing me about rousseau.
you want to settle up?
youve been here, what?
you cannot change anything. you cant.
then take me to her body.
did he die fighting?
bringing it in to hover.
come on. step back inside so we can talk about this.
she had an accident.
we all wish your men made it home.
you ran away.
nate, only you will know my real identity in case of an incident.
how could i?
if youre interested, we play every tuesday and thursday.
no strings attached!
he tosses this one, hes gonna find the hole back there in a heartbeat.
but a ladys in there too.
but i cant trust you anymore.
dont shave my head
were not going to the cockpit.
he didnt come to this decision lightly.
last week when the baby got sick, claire and i went into the jungle, and found another hatch.
im not gonna tell.
he can help me defeat the fire nation.
if we catch him, before nightfall.
we searched the woods but we didnt find anything.
car owner is asking, someone has to go to station to pick him up.
shes ready to undress at the drop of a penny.
okay, come on, wren.
with an army or all by yourself.
somebody told me you could see the metropolis skyline from there.
at least i got a handshake this time.
marriage, it can be a funny thing, you know?
but whats the reason behind it?
im gonna live alone and be one of those guys.
ill fire on three. one, two...
...which i had to move.
you cut a loud fart, he jumped three feet.
it never befriended me.
i found something.
no, no, no, no! no, please! no!
mommy, were not tired at all.
im the boss here.
do as i say.
wait. i can explain. ddo you speak english?
hey pleased to meet you, man.
..through the student exchange programme.
are we going after them?
i never gave him much of a lift.
everybody else is helping us move the camp up the beach,
cause i dont want em talking to anybody else.
do you know what time it is?
would you bring her to the station when she gets home?
youve got to stop her, john.
remember what that is?
he was doing one of the housekeepers.
they take and then they go.
i have committed a big mistake.
l did. why?
all right, piggies, be gone!
..will be the chief of 15000 pindaris.
listen, why do you avoid...?
how many of those pills you gonna use to fix him up?
are you ok?
what about me is attractive?
get a doctor!
thats why i wanted to be on a beach for our honeymoon.
treehugging hermit versus pesticide tycoon.
shut the engine off now.
and i do. i remember these people.
well, come up!
and i look after him because this boy dont know his ass from a hot rock.
dad collects all sorts of rubbish from the great leaders of the empire.
aaron, honey, mommys gonna run out and do an errand.
seth will spell me in the morning.
youre just mad coz mom rather sleep with uncle tommy than you.
you tested destiny and now destiny is testing you.
good call, over.
only reason why im talking to you cause they gonna kill your boy like they killed mine.
i bet the daddys eyes sparkle.
you think any of us wanna be here?
you know, the transmission abdul picked up on his little radio.
go ahead, hero. pull the trigger.
hes there at your disposal if you need him.
these people are gonna kill us if we dont give them the combination.
if i tell you about them, you have no idea what hell do.
well, dave didnt do it.
i visit you for the first time in three years and you wont hear my confession?
i dont need these powers to end your life.
to splash you with my colours of life
im gonna make it right.
sorry, greg, something important came up.
ill make it fly!
nobody touches that but her.
the one who creeps in corridors
hes in the galley.
today is just a meet and greet so that we can get to know each other.
you enjoying yourself?
three. no! see?
its called a derailer for christs sake!
well,youd better figure it out.
ill find your balloon.
hey, this is kevin.
the infections gotten into the blood stream.
let him go. let him go. get your hands off him right now.
you dont remember me?
what did he say, jessica?
im considering retirement.
sheriff, we got a problem.
no, no, no. i saw something, sort of a blurry thing.
you are all my reasons,
to help me...
jodi, honey, are you...?
now i got you, baby!
were in over our heads.
yes, you know... actually, we met at delhi airport.
you kill me, youre stuck with me.
how can you not know your own recipe?
i got to talk to him! now!
and when it was opened, a perfume was released.
shell have fischer.
i told him i wasnt sure.
its hard cash..
goddess kali, see that nobody comes here to tell the truth of twins to baba.
you know what i can do with these fucking hands, grace?
her number is disconnected.
id blame it on the whole inner animal thing, but it was really just me being an ass.
it likes to kill us.
john please, alicia.
when youre done, crack your collar, show off your operating license.
you dont have to be alone, danielle.
only that greg didnt move here until after the meteor showers.
tonight for once, i want the truth.
if anything happens to you...
cell phones allowed in here?
l dont know.
i would never pass up an opportunity to see you in your natural habitat.
ok, we will do everything.
collecting my bounty!
hi, son. wheres your mother?
youre gonna take this boat and follow a compass bearing of 325.
im calling you out!
flips switches printer whirring oh, get your hands off that!
thats a nice line to fool me but it wont work on me
i should have. i coached most of them.
why is it the only person who cant see that is you?
david, are you watching this?
because i was restigated!
didnt your mother marry your father?
its totally unacceptable.
in of barrys mothers death and her murder.
so, what words are in here?
tme of death 815 a.m.
i gave them a snack.
what were trying to protect you people from, the only thing we do kill,
the rest of you, secure this position!
if they catch you, you dont know me.
good to be back, man.
he is right. someone will come.
it seems duggal trusts him more than his wife.
and whats your least favorite part so far?
then why did you come?
please. what a perv.
what happened there...?
when the guy attacked david i could see the back of his neck and he had a tattoo.
i must arrange the marriage personally.
delta wants to wear oakleys, thats their business.
i dont remember you and leonard being that close, hugo.
why would you not want them to be able to travel?
chloe couldve died.
but i saw the fbi as a place where l could distinguish myself.
no selfrespecting man in iowa goes anywhere without beer.
just give me a few more of these great moral lectures of yours..
but i have a better idea.
its a surprise!
should we kill him?
shes very pretty but shes just a girl.
befriend the enemy and youre dead.
its my brother.
its your call.
it couldve dark magic!
if you come after me or that girl...
sometimes letting go is the only way to move forward.
he has bothered me!
i broke almost every bone in my body.
our company is throwing a big party on new years eve.
cant complain.  yeah?
forget it. arrange for the money..
saw my name on the lecture slate?
come here, walt. wait, come here.
im sick and tired of your bullshit, man!
the light was too strong in here.
my name is khan. and i am not a terrorist.
but whered she come from?
this is a scroll from the great library.
legion, double time, march!
and on the night he died for nothing,
hes only been with us a month, but i think hes sharp.
good for you, keeping in shape.
once my job is done, i have to go away.
were not laughing, sweetie.
i heard on the phone that theres beer there...
there aint another batch of recruits due in for six months.
now, which is more likely?
wanna tell me why i need it?
ive survived worse.
i set the independent brakes.
i dont know what youre talking about.
this is a textbook military invasion.
the whole thing is my fault, okay.
and we have the red 10 of... hearts,maybe?
you dont belong here at all.
and look at that... theres the current.
people should know about the strange things happening in this town!
he made his case, he shook my hand. that was it.
over there..there there
i dont want to lose you.
a train that size going that fast, it will vaporize anything that gets in its way.
are they treating you well?
and souls that cry
go, go, go, go, go!
whoa. and here we are, sir. welcome home.
salvation lies within.
you dirty bastard!
he needs more oxygen.
good for the constitution.
that is the key phrase in scrabble, my good friend. common usage.
he doesnt seem like the fishing type.
how old are you now, sam?
you may know it as the old testament.
you made the cover of fortune again.
they can put us in cages, but they cant cage our honour!
go to the caves. run to the caves. get jack.
andy built a library.
youll get acquainted with the stranger.
hey, sawyer, lets just let the man talk.
in the meantime,however,youre gonna keep your mouth shut.
im going to risk looking like the biggest idiot psycho youve ever seen.
everything is solved... oye..are u listening....hey
it was a bad diagnosis. this thing doesnt mean for sure youre pregnant.
i didnt think you were listening.
an old man took it from me.
its coming towards us, i think.
pla yer outside all right! well done!
friday the 13th is a bad omen.
because... shes no fun.
the volturi will never let him get far enough to reveal himself.
yes, i do.
we got a problem.
a princesss crown?
anyone see you?
kents son is inside. they know the gunman personally.
you dont fucking like it.
youve seen me do it a hundred times.
buddy wanted to go.
lets go. were leaving now.
why did you lie to him?
we can swap stories later.
thus, the first sound to escape grenouilles lips... sent his mother to the gallows.
how much would a wall cost?
take me with you.
why? i aint got time for questions, miles.
its a fascinating creature.
explain it to them.
the snake pit.
olivia... what is happening to you, given the nature of your job, the upsetting events you come in contact with on a regular basis, coupled with the injury to your head, its not surprising your mind has created this fantasy... a means of processing the trauma.
i beg the help of eywa.
please ask dr. miller if he can fit them in.
and neither did his friends.
by the activity level behind me, it is evident that a plan to stop the runaway train is underway.
lets see what we got here, browning.
you shouldnt have run.
so, this is the sunset shot.
shes in trouble.
it might be your last chance to see her before you graduate.
can you do anything?
i think the technical term is shock and awe.
well, even cars that are specially designed require stock parts, and they have serial numbers.
whats the problem early in the morning?
id take him with you if i were you.
hasnt anyone told you?
that bald wanker knows something.
of course he told you.
your beauty shines so brightly that it shames the moon
then who was it?
then we... six... of... clubs.
lets go. what are we waitin for?
at a time when the entire country is following gandhi..
that means you can call your uncle and theyll take care of it.
so now that youve had your little break..
mothers dead, fathers a deadbeat.
ill take a position by the wall! go, go!
...thats a better love story!
man, you couldnt bust a grape in napa with a set of cleats on.
yes, you are.
can you believe it? wow. talk about a makeover.
no. im not big on rubbing it in.
listen, you have an audition..
there they are.
do you want to be?
couple patriots, huh?
didnt even know they were dating...
ill have maria come and help you unpack.
when are you gonna be back?
what is his name?
wheres his body?
now, at first i didnt realise who you were.
take as much time as you need. all week if you must.
you will deny you did anything wrong.
shell teach me.
we are the guiltless pleasures of the lonely human.
it must be the last over.
lets get this done.
at least he didnt die in vain.
when you built the cradle.
oh, hes not dead.
oh, you want to know their names?
my stipulation is that youre in charge, which is the way i want it.
i couldve managed.
yeah, well, im gonna do it.
who do you wanna be?
what are you doing?
i will accept the offer.
look, look, you can think whatever you want about me.
back at the beach, the night they came back, you said that nathan was gone for two hours, that he was missing.
we need to create a sterile environment.
from her best friend, a.
use it on what?
i was going but these two fools stopped me.
how do you know that?
lets pay attention, yes?
i got a lot more of everything, but you aint got carte blanche yet.
but... we can change that.
and now that racist guy is dead.
sorry, i dont know who that is.
lets go over to la brea tar pits, and then afterwards we can go to the museum, we can look at the fossils.
two teenyweeny words.
no, it found me.
which is why i need for you to start asking.
you remember that?
do that work which u are talented in!
went to a drivein.
dont mess this up, man.
you ended up with mashed bananas in your hair.
i mean, watching nadia die like that in front of me...
what, are you kidding me?
you are my son... my son.
we have to swim under the pond to get to the tunnels.
all right, three, four.
when the time is right, we fly.
i think i know those guys.
why arent you talking?
then, you either got to let me do my job, or pass it on to somebody else.
i know very little right now.
i... i need to talk to you.
im not allowed to have chocolate before dinner.
yeah. i cant sleep.
jogging at 6, to gym at 7, yoga at 8,
what is it...?
i want to see passion.
i think she already has too much to worry about.
well just wait till everyones fighting everyone.
the dog will come back on his own.
i dont want him leaving me for another woman.
and well always stay together like this.
whered your dad go?
my heart skips beats at the sound of your voice, my skin warms to the touch of your fingers.
because she made us feel like we were part of something special.
you knew he was listening!
im on the job sir.
nell said shed be interested.
just like us.
hes working a second job at the carnival. hes a security guard.
hear me out. and at the birthday party with some pigs and a puppet, the villagers wanted me to sign their pitchforks, and this boy kept saying, do the roar.
the baby moms going to have.
is everything okay?
charles youve been in here for two days.
but theres no telling what the others will do.
back in a flash, gorgeous.
to a possum...bravery is just dumb!
they had her on all these experimental drugs. doctors didnt believe shed see first grade.
you got to get away from them or it wont stop!
after her dad goes to jail.
you wanted to talk to me?
been calling for the past two weeks. she still hasnt called me back.
recall the lessons of adam smith, ...the father of modern economics.
when he held me in his arms
yes, you will.
so, youve been pushing that button every two hours since you got down here?
now... do you want my help?
skyping back home.
did you ever ask her if she was guilty? no. never.
perhaps basil should be a little more fearless with his own feelings.
he said you.  but i am helping, dear.
wait, they are stingy about fee.
and if you got jack, you gonna get the rest of them.
theyre not thinking about their own safety.
my son will be an actor someday.
you tell them i broke my ankle.
nothing much, when i was offering evening prayers, a fish came into my hands.
its its great.
i hate flying.
you know what i think, ali?
lex luthor must be mixed up in this.
i dont think im ready for this.
yes, get it.
what did you do?
so, youre married?
and someday youre gonna need my help and im telling you right now youre not getting it.
dont leave me.
take a guess now with pressure!
i didnt know if we were still talking.
always wondered whod take my life in the end
yeah, get off the phone, knock off the hand brakes.
this is you. rizvan. who?
dont go back out there without me.
where will i get a baby from in five days?
you know, the russians have the hbomb, the nazis are repatriating south america the chinese have a standing army of 2.8 million and i am doing stress tests on a dam.
actually caught her coming back into town.
youre too good. just great!
genius has now become human..
i was paged last night.
that money was bad luck.
when they had finished, they felt a virginal glow of happiness.
thats a nice cat.
leave this church now. go. now.
you also told me this machine couldnt have a collision.
you should have listened to me about coming down here.
markham we dont have anyone
markus was after this why?
all right, give me a sharpie.
they killed them.
but live in your mansion, why this tiny flat?
i thought you were on the freighter.
i trust you know the bearing. youd better get going.
youre saying that time disappeared?
on getting rescued.
can i help you?
i cant wait to see it.
jump! ..jump! ...jump!
dont worry. i left you some.
this is not my life.
that theres some human spleen.
im dead, im dead, im dead.
i didnt know that youd recognised me.
worst case, we use it as a shelter.
let me say a couplet.
witness protection, if i ever saw.
hey, holly, do you want a piece of meteor rock?
in any case i wasnt planning to come with you. but thanks for the offer.
thats because i write a bit ofpoetry myself.
have you seen them run?
its funny, you didnt answer the question.
just breathe. just breathe deep. breathe deep.
tell her i wont talk to her.
there is a negative energy within you.
what have you done with nicholas?
im fine. i can do this.
math was never my strong subject.
maybe its a good idea.
activate the napalm on my signal.
have you run away?
nobody wouldve expected dad will do like this.
you saw me put those in my box.  no.
other side of the state.
put that fucking gun down now. i got you, motherfucker.
sir kindly switch off your mobile phone just one sec one sec please!
kelly, sounds like you should take this up with johnny.
im sorry. do i know you?
is that why you tried to make him sick?
whoever moves the island can never come back.
how do you tell how good bread is without tasting it?
the caves, like everybody else.
im sorry i kissed you.
ah, never mind, mrs. shrike.
first year? you know how he got hired?
baxter, i want a full report on cleanup a.s.a.p.
hey, what did i do?
yay!  you did it!
monica is my mommy.
ill kick your butt.
lincoln worked for steadmans company.
you can imagine how astonished he was when he saw that he was no longer a puppet but a real boy, just like other boys.
are we there yet?
what position? connie, the throttle was in notch 8 full power.
hi, girls! hi, ian. you still need help with your scoop, spence?
i had to, man.
its rastogi familys tradition tat..
you got me out here, draggin your heavy ass through the burnin desert, with your dreadlocks sticking out the back of my parachute.
hushed how many...
jack still isnt back.
whats the babysitters name?
tom. what an excellent name.
it was your call, remember?
i think we can make it to the jeep.
i was just checking to see if juliet wants it. thanks.
give it time.
gordon, you guys go way back, right?
sonars pinging up something now.
youll find some reason to get pissed at jack and bounce right back to me.
it wasnt nicks fault.
he seems to really like ryan.
prison life consists of routine and then more routine.
no, no, im  im not.
now hes coming out with revenge.
would you like some chicken?
youll make it back before dark.  and you?
i felt a hand on my shoulder.
and if youre apologizing for that delicate slap please dont.
you raised me?
once your parents decide how theyre gonna think of someone, its royal decree
he cant even look at me sometimes.
wait for me here, all right?
lm gonna need you to take...
yeah, im interested.
i told him he had a daughter.
were over here, help!
she did get better, right around her 3rd birthday.
they didnt do this by building cookiecutter malls or parking garages.
..youre more interested in settling down than your career.
because youre too important.
mother, stop him.
whats that supposed to mean?
lex, i think this woman is the real deal.
late nights already?
ill be right up.
look, if i was a cop, and some woman got attacked, wed canvas, right?
and he walks up to a sea...
yeah, or we could all go together.
shes madam jenny.
we did it, we did it   oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
just keep breathing.
judging by the amount of ice and water on the ground,
you know, why dont you cut out all the riddles, snowflake, and just give it to us straight.
or ill have to arrest you.
yes, yes. have some more wine.
i recognize luthorcorp lawyers when i see them. why are you involved?
im gonna shed some light on this thing.
as soon as they begin missing payments i wont hesitate to foreclose on each and every one of them.
aw, the picture broke.
since i couldnt pick up my internal affairs records i figured it was time to pick up my retirement package.
come on, honey, lets go! babe, you want some of this coffee?
i dont understand why someone would pay 120 bucks for a glass of anything.
every man has his breaking point.
and he comes from a good family.
sorry, im busy.
i just came here to drop off...
you chose the wrong side.
wont you consider staying with us?
i was treating a patient.
but my husband, what if he finds out about this?
try to have some fun.
he didnt want anything to do with us.
they have lollipops.
can you pass me the water please?
i am going to end the cullen clan.
maybe she knows.
im sensing this relationship is over.
im not sure.
yeah, i know.
we need you to take a pebble inside there... and jam the gears.
we have to put ourselves inside the mind of this man.
that was supposed to be just me.
let me ask you something.
but youd know something... some truth to take us to destination.
it was like some miracle. she just showed up with that mixture.
a man who killed one of us.
id love to explain everything to you, claire, but im afraid it would be a little overwhelming right now.
please dont ask me.
and i was wondering, maybe friday...
people say.. boss, to be cool in life.. you have to be useless.
because hes loaded.  since when does horace drink?  he doesnt.
well wait in the library.
how did you come up with that?
taking that gun away from me.
yeah, i had a talk with your mom.
of course, it is.
what you got?
have you met harvey?
just trying to lighten the mood.
kalpana is like a magic wand! one flourish and youve got your wish.
what do they want?
look, im not a hero, okay? i  i didnt
no, i saw it first.
please do not mention that ive tipped you.
what do they want with them?
he wasnt looking for anything.
who gets them?
you made my bag heavy on purpose.
the swan it is.  jack, whats at the swan?
then he had a little dinner...
well, if you say so.
he wanted to know,is an engineer coming home or a doctor?
hes a traditional indian boy.
howd you come to work for the fbi?
teach herwhat revenge is im not dying
why are you following me?
she is my soul!
twoinone you gave isnt working, im finding it difficult to hear suprabhatham early morning.
if grace is with you...
where dense dark clouds also hover
they dont know what locke did to her.
thats all that matters to me right now. its all i got.
what do you know about those marks? what are they?
thanks, but we have to keep moving.
can you tell me where the nearest rip track is?
clark, what do you think tinas doing?
it wasnt exactly an easy alliance.
i dont have time to deal with your annoyances.
you really think youre going to get to four buttons before i get to one?
i have many good references.
hello, im not the owner too.
aarush, this is my wife hetal.
amys been having trouble in school but i cant imagine shed try to hurt miss hardwick.
that way, however deep the sleep, the sleeper still feels falling.
our company doesnt charge interest to honest customers.
do it! hurry! i cant hold him.
that i am.
..with my phone falling into the tub.
ive a doubt sir.  what is it?
maybe you should do it one more time.
you know praveen is coming here, why did you let seenu stay here?
or you could just give it to me.
have fun! nemo bye, dad!
but they control it now.
its too early, baby.
no, this is terrible!
how could i bring tears to your eyes?
shut up. youve been gone for two hours.
i mean, the world bank is owned by 12 motherfuckers... who run our lives.
theyre in the bus.
and you had better be in this car!
it isnt stealing if no one wants it.
sir, give respect get respect.
im going to stay here, james.
how is this my handwriting if i dont remember writing it?
and maybe i will never be able to do it because... theres no one in this world like my papa.
tell him i said hello.
mmhm. everyone misunderstood alison, but i knew exactly who she was.
im a dead duck...
im going to risk it all.
as most of you know youve all worked extremely hard this past year and you should all be proud of yourselves.
make sure you doublebag like the lady says. understand?
i saw it go straight down, and then swerve just before it hit.
youll go and sleep happily, right?
that shes always looking over you.
lost season04 episode02
i think that there fella in the purty dress is the sheriff.
hold on! we gotta think about this!
no ones cutting you off!
i dont know him.
you know what i mean?
i have a few calls to make.
captain, whats wrong?
you asked if there was someone you could look up for me.
i still feel responsible.
but between you and me, jules verne is my favorite.
rousseau told us she saw black smoke the day her own child was taken 1 6 years ago.
honey. honey, feed africa.
is there a problem?
anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
by the way, did anyone mention to you that i was in town looking for you?
lets get to the bottom!
ill get it together.
me in the owners row?
i can never go to sleep.
a gladiator and a slaves never a fair contest. never!
you were here, remember?
boss, weve been assured its happening.
actually, i was talking about the revolution.
are you jack shephard, seat 8c?
i know why youre sad now.
their armor mightve changed, or their weapons have changed, or their tactics have changed.
oh god. thank god, it was just diabetes.
you know what, haywire?
4th and olive.
pls sit down today we have our great leader behind us who claims that he can teach better than our highly qualified teachers so today our professor ranchhodas chanchad will teach us engineering
did you see that boys tattoos?
you can put your gown on.
we found you an apartment.
hes gonna wait until noon, when the suns at its highest.
chopper flew over the beach. someone tossed this out.
does anyone else know hes there?
be careful, dan. absolutely.
all right, these numbers dont
yeah, well, where was her head?
we have over 50  of the armed forces on weekend leave.
thats why i was so happy.
if the guys got a record, and im sure he does theyll have his tattoos on file.
a light flashed in my head i thought to myself, ah!
it killed my friends.
wait a minute, wait a minute.
or, by jotting things down in writing.
now, youre gonna take care of that thing, arent you?
my name is shahenshah.
guess me and the doc are on the outs.
it will be done my way
i dont believe in obligations. besides, your fiance did me a favor.
and so you will be again.
hey, what are you doing?
but i thought he was in the back of the plane?
you just joined the ranks of the employed.
she says she used to date crab simmons.
ill give the money back.
c2, were at the 64 crash site, securing perimeter.
stay away from flesh fairs, away from where there are lots of people.
did i mention the perks of power?
how about abnormally?
i never came across a liar and a cheat like you.
and if youre patient, too,
bergamot and patchouli. pa...
you must be the chef...
your camp isnt gone.
the morning of grenouilles departure, baldini was pleased.
no, its all yours.
oh, oh, oh.
were ready to learn to get some knowledge.
no, i cant do that.  what do you mean, you cant do that?
everything okay, miss donovan?
who took care of peggy last night?
we have to fire the flare.
you thought i was gonna change my mind?
i picked a hell of a day to quit drinkin.
do you need help?
everything we need.
you like to play games, john?
do you remember anything?
why do you think so many people are selling out?
i already did.
thats very sweet of you.
you said you destroyed them and yet here they are.
ohh... well never make it at this pace!
youre even asking me for help. so here we are,just like old times...
my grandma always said never cheat good men.
hey doc, come take a look.
two, three bottles.
do you feel lightheaded or dizzy?
but right now, as fate would have it, my business is all about you.
arent they all moody and unpredictable?
what is it with men and asking for directions?
are those happy tears?
come on, lets see who can walk the bed of fire..
i sure hope not.
any chance you could help us hang some posters?
only the ones we like.
hes experiencing some paralysis in his lower extremities.
one mutton gravy.
right now, just the five of us.
i just know.
are you there?
whats the matter?
and thats when it started happening.
i need that coffin to clear customs because there will be a hearse waiting.
staying out of trouble.
when the judge asked him why he did it, he said, i didnt like the kid.
not so controlled.
whos with me?
ill get it for you.
hes not on the raft.
josiah, since he was a good king, sent his secretary to the treasury and said we must rebuild the temple.
this heres darla.
no more bikes.
which is insanely expensive.
i guess this is the part where im supposed to say, i told ya so.
its a little early for the fbi to be showing up, dont you think?
its him i dont trust.
id say goodbye.
there was no one with me...
i need to speak with you for a second.
god, forgive me.
how do you think eric got that strong overnight?
remember what father said.
you have no accent.
actually, the subject is partial to postwar british painters.
learning to ride an ikran, we call them banshees, is the test every young hunter has to pass.
look, i really have no choice.
ok. what can you play?
the hostile escaped. were searching the east grid.
im following her along the hallway.
situation is very dangerous here.
are there any real men here?
i know these rigs.
mr. chung was very happy to see us.
its good, isnt it?
alright people, lets get this done.
did you find it?
frank! were at...
i call it the baby maker.
theyre very old.
like youve got something to prove.
hey! hey!  this is our spot!
but all things considered, id say youve never looked better.
it was with surprise that i had the great surpr... no.
dan,why are you so upset?
just... forget it.
what can i do for the department of defense?
now, we get it out of the computer, and well fly out tonight.
thank you. now, we just have a few more to go, so...
yeah, well, not like this.
theyre always out there.
after all were not really needed here anymore.
what i need to do is to walk back to the chopper, get on it, and get the rest of our people off this island.
then they come out of it without a memory.
watch that needle there.
i dont think thats gonna happen. jacks a doctor now, andand suns, like, got her baby, and kates got aaron.
baby, that guys a snake.
as far as i have to.
chores can wait.
come to mama.
hey mr.,wheres this address?
and till you dont accept her...
telephone is machine sir!
you get some rest now, okay?
i got to be able to justify it to the bulls and how its got to be some actual work to be done in there for me to get in there.
damn it, jose!
my father gave it to me when i was 9.
i chartered a jet.
i lied because i knew publishing meant
im attackin siberia.
they are making fun...
you opened this door,mr. forrester. m going to allow it.
no, your marvelous gift.
he saw your coffin loaded onto that plane that you came back on.
bidin my time.
slow down, lvy league.
oh lord this damsel oh my lord
kelly, youve deferred the scholarship twice already.
my daughter fell sick suddenly.
so... whats next?
man, this thing must make coffee too.
youre not here.
and welcome to ajira air.
shell get away!
yeah. the memorial service is tomorrow.
the path to knowledge is fraught with consequence.
we have sufficient aircraft, but...
is not you.
are you scared?
why in gods name would they wanna do that?
one ing emerged er and over cant change the past.
ive promised my dead mother to bring my lover to golconda fort.
you feel like youd be taking advantage.
prada, my love.
you should try finding the right dress.
im smart so i found its not you.
what do you know about our stations here?
well, basil its quite the best thing youve done.
where were u last night?
sarah programmed the locator coordinates provided by israeli intelligence into kitt.
no one said you were, buddy.
everything is fine, right?
give me your shirt.
what is blue fairy?
what is it called?
arun wanted the lamp..
very convenient, now that ive found them.
well, you know that big bridge we took when we went to washington state?
i dont understand.
look, im begging you, dont do it. at least hear my plan first.
i hope you all had a wonderful evening.
so, which way? jack, we dont know whats going on here.
i never said no, marry her.
said he had an estimate, wanted me to meet him here.
thats right, im the killer!  stop!
dont you care about your dead dad?
juliets in there.
dont look at me!
im not made of money.
this is first class, raju.
take your seat, mona, please.
and youre grounded for the rest of your life.
hold position, we got movement out there.
and no good thing ever dies.
and to save everyones lives.
in your own private idaho inside santa rosa.
you always forget.
how dare you talk to me like that!
cos if the lady wants to come...
how do you know well be together?
come with us,freckles.
um, caught an elbow playing basketball.
the doctor that treated your daughter feels differently.
my dear mr. moucheboume...
were looking at a strong category 3, so board up those windows and get ready for a wild ride.
no wonder you two look alike.
mouth to mouth resuscitation, havent you seen it in films?
i know what youre feeling how much it hurts.
tomorrows gonna be just for us, okay?
here, let me get one of you and nicolas.
but the first piece of land i saw wasnt fiji, was it?
im waiting for my soninlaw.
couldnt find any rocks.
hey shall i give background music?
ill return to metropolis when im ready.
this is a bad time.
god, all i asked you for was true love.
my path will change and eyes will slip with your eyes,
it is a great honor to be in...
..about why i always wear this a for aladin like..
if youre so envious of my family, then why do you feel the need to investigate it behind my back?
since i let sam be alpha male, i gotta live with the shots he calls. since you let sam be alpha? i didnt wanna be in a pack, let alone be its leader.
just keep cool. dont slow down.
charles your answer isnt, face the wall.
if we keep walking...
i think im having a heart attack.
yeah, well, i guess i am, till tomorrow.
well, for what its worth, i think its cool you got this job.
we have a rule of law.
it doesnt get out as much as it used to, but its still the fastest thing on the grid.
in that hotel, every single person is alive.
you want your uncles blood.
the lawyers you tried to blow up are still healthy as thoroughbreds.
after the crash, no.
michael, do you know anything about babies?
and here, they are not even treating a muslim like a human..
get it all done today? pretty much everybody.
some rich guys pretend child.
now tell me, will you let this marriage take place?
dont you have somewhere to go?
the hell were you thinking, michael?
no! oh, poop.
i saved myself.
a tiny chef who tells me what to do.
and not... when shes so beautiful.
you know what i mean?
dont believe everything you hear.
that was a lifetime ago when i was a respectable scientist.
all right? you wanna follow me, fine.
and maybe tomorrow... you can wake up as somebody elses cat... start a new life.
theres two weeks missing from my life.
maybe he doesnt believe that lightning will strike twice in the same place.
not that theyve told me.
if you dont then i must come to dubai.
hell, probably in this room.
and id like all of you to come with me.
im in the morgue.
they both died at the same time?
i can handle him.
of course, a curfew is necessary. but we also have to catch this man.
is there a funeral home or...
theyre speaking latin.
youre young, i cant fold my hands for you.
we cant lose. we have the best car on earth.
yeah, i was waiting for you to say something last night
your piano needs tuning.
i wont know how extensive the damage is until i get inside.
do whatever you got to do to get us out of here, please.
satellites can shoot, but they must be told where to point.
we have won the match.
ill pay you back.
so do your parents still live in charlestown?
sorry, am i in high school?
im only sorry luke didnt live to see this.
because i can help you.
we were in a mall...
kelvin died waiting for his replacements.
she was shooting up and she had a bad reaction.
or else ill lose my place in the community.
when was the last time you saw him?
come on, man. i mean, its worth...
come on, man.
maybe i could, you know, figure out where i messed up.
i wouldve told you, but it slipped my mind.
and what was the purpose of that?
im so scared.
ill be back.
go...stop the game with this.
he wants to talk to you.
im all poi...
we have work to do.
why are we all laughing?
the custody bus from grafton penitentiary has crashed... off the old mill road near mile marker 37.
now, if you want to go to dinner, we can go to dinner.
you know, its an awful solitary existence out there on the prairie.
youve forgotten so quickly?
you let me out of here right now!
make sure its locked.
what do i hit? which one?
its the only way i know.
so they have miles?
that one in the corner is clutch, this one here is accelerator,
ive never met that boy..
or we could try our luck at gyrorama.
he should be coming around soon.
i find that highly unlikely. john
lets do that tomorrow.
you didnt really read it, did you?
flowers that end up dead and in the trash a week later.
for the first time ive seen someone
job well done.
someone get on that 50!
life always gave me sorrows.
they wanted to test to see if aarons my son.
apparently, theyre gonna break every bone in his body with an iron bar.
and dost with poyson, warre and sicknesse dwell,
papa...its me anjali.
hes still not here.
somewhere safe, say aunt lotties in heidelberg, for example.
do they still exist?
well, you are popular.
dropped some bread crumbs, and i followed the trail.
i got a month left!
i know this is kind of sudden, and youre not sure how you feel about us
and i wanna tie myself to you in every way humanly possible.
i need you to go back to oxford university.
come on, old boys.
and you believe him.
gentleman, we have a man out there.
im so used to it, i dont...
ill get an order from the court tomorrow...
you were worried about me?
the combo of painkillers and meteor rocks caused tyler to pull a thriller.
how would that make you feel, clark?
though he appears like old man, hes youth inside.
so your excuse better be good, brother.
bookings have come down and calls are on raise.
the wind carries the messages.
so how did we find this place?
yeah, this is him.
why? because he has a crush on you?
because i am asking you a favor.
my sweet boy!
hell of a way to earn your citizenship.
what has he done?
maybe fate has just thrown the two of us together.
do you know how?
and you have access to unlimited funds.
this is the only way.
now everyone cant be as healthy as you are.
if you ask me how she shouldnt be... just a minute, aunty.
peter, this is bill harford.
i was telling you my story.
if hes such a bad guy, whyd he take the fall for us?
michael. i think he made you.
what do you thinks gonna happen to jeff?
come bet... after 10 years will come back over here itself, on this same day n well see who is more successful?
is it as bad as that?
and the only thing they can see down there is the light from this big, horrible creature... with razorsharp teeth.
theyre not all bad.
itll be totally cool when we dig it up in, like, 20 years.
tell me. what is it?
ms. austen, were here to get a blood sample from you and one from your son aaron.
why dont we take a gun, point it to his big toe and send that little piggy to market?
i take the pills, keep the quacks off my back.
you think you can come here and do whatever the hell you want?
shes been through enough pain in her life with her parents.
i hear that tucker guy can be a real prick.
im will colson.
he works from the house.
you can get me to maricruz?
its not her fault.
its picture perfect, right?
we dont know what kind of health threat this poses to us or to our neighbors.
you two have the most dysfunctional idea of love ive ever seen.
so lets think this out.
if its not human, what is it?
get on that 50!
there must be a reason for that. you see, i dont want to do good things.
my transportation kind of went up in flames.
i know youve never been to college.
will you beat anyone to become a don?
is that a fucking date?
like that duck with the irish accent.  uncle scrooge.
i like you. hey, you!
im really sorry, dad.
we didnt kill your friend.
frawl, the inside of the van is a volcano.
ill bring two for you too.
and considering a week ago you had a gun to his head, and tonight hes eating pound cake...
whos your victim? the illustrious mr. kent himself.
i dont trust that woman, harold.
ask my dad.
bogs spent a week in the hole.
i barely knew him.
... and all you can say is nice catch?
that thing killed my sister. its your fault.
its the, uh, surveillance tape of the garage that night.
d d look what hes doing...
the odds of finding a shipping lane...
the microwave guns disrupt their defense shields.
ive been trying to reach you.
your word is enough duggal sir, i dont want money, just think that im also your man from now.
how is your father?
oh, hes picked me up.
no. i just saved us all.
were 60 miles from wilkins.
so im here. where is it?
theres no point being nuts if you cant have a little fun.
major in philosophy, because theres no way to make a career out of that.
and i guess those numbers were still stuck in my head.
why do you think you were never rescued?
they put something in my head.
does it have her photos?
y wanna play se backgammon?
we need you to find the cabin.
for you, diamond, its not a problem,
its not you...
l know, is his wife still alive?
hes still talking right now.
im telling the truth.
if the tables were turned id watch you die.
is everything all right?
this is all i have, but my trust fund will kick in at the end of the month.
do you know how difficult it is to find a nice indian boy in england?
right. well, then im going to give you some advice anyway.
tequila and tonic with a wedge of lemon.
its the master key.
so youre really done?
no, no, maybe not forever, but i think i know a place we can, at least for a little while.
im coming, hold your horses
number one armed!
therefore anyone born after that date is considered postthriller
social security number?
this is the object described by billy miles as a communication device.
im not as strong as he was.
aah! youre nemo!
there isnt much time.
all right, lets get to work.
you shouldnt have used the numbers! why not?
his claim to fame came later when he refused to acknowledge the resurrection.
i got some bad news for you, amigo. you cant kill yourself. the island wont let you!
i must become a don urgently.
your father sold the farm to bob rickman.
we die... if we dont start fighting back.
but lawyer tell a lot of lie.
ill kill you.
karwa chauth fast?
he left this morning, sir.
our problems too are like that only.
thats all right.
okay, mom, seriously. no ones pushing you to be natty ho,
it just didnt work out.
and i dont want anything from you.
dont do that!
whatever became of it?
what did locke say these were his people?
well, your car will serve as the entry fee, but i wouldnt expect much of it back if i were you.
no, i mean jodi. its like she lost that weight overnight.
all im ever gonna be is a little girl in a fairyprincess costume who lost her parents.
i got the job.
get up against the car.
what did you say?
our two dead guys, ethan and constantine symanski.
yeah, i know a guy.
we did that for years.
the children are here to see the museum.
ever since the particle accelerator exploded,
fill the bag!
she gave me a letter.
but yostill do.
thats my kid.
the girl is leaving to india in another 15 days after completing studies.
make sure its your time youre wasting, not ours.
no, i must look like him. youre him.
satphone, radio signal.
and hes giving him a car..
god shreya...are you ok?
shes on hold.
you dont want me to have to come find you!
hold on! this is a crime scene.
the world we live in belongs to the enemy.
i thought you were helping out at the gallery.
right now, id settle for getting our farm back.
thunder stuck my home.  it rained after that.
come on. come on.
do what you will to him, but get me my photo, please.
can you locate the surface?
keep your head down.
i too wouldve kept you very happy, jenny.
were staying here.
shell spoil it
..he will have to die.
flight number 1 7 leaving dallas national airport from gate two will be delayed for 20 minutes.
... in here and get your life back...
now, we have located a shrink ray in a secret lab, and once we take this shrink ray, we will have the capability to pull off the true crime of the century.
i guess i thought that the dream space would be all about the visual but its more about the feel of it.
whats she talking about?
lets give him a little room to slide through.
and ill never come back...
take your winnings.
then lets keep shut.
if you fail, kevin dies.
i just wanna get warm.
did i have to call you back?
almost like it was rehearsed.
youre ok. i like you.
if you want to shoot me go ahead.
well, doesnt matter now.
im not running late. i canceled this meeting, if you recall.
and roberta, if she burps, its adorable.
stop. dont teach me acting. i belong in theatre, ive done four plays.
whos gonna call the cops?
man missing on tier 2, cell 245!
what reason did he give?
that what brings you to me?
besides, the movie theaters been closed for months now.
what do you mean, it wont wake him up?
your first name.
jack, hurley, kate.
okay, i want you to call veronica.
why? it was his destiny.
how can you be so sure?
i dont think hes gonna say anything to anyone for now.
rainbows have 7 colours.
but i think we should agree, jack, that if either of us need to open this door, we consult each other first.
after my parents died.
im george minkowski.
this all happened because blackburn fell. should have, could have, dont matter.
it was covered with all these articles she collected about all the weird stuff thats happened since the meteor shower.
ill fill you in later.
hes in a maintenance suit. now stop him.
well, at least im not scared to talk to my own dad.
i am loving those glasses.
why isnt he here yet?
this helps us how?
shoot, i say we cook that right up.
im gonna show you something, and it may upset you.
but i prefer l am the light of the world.
you mind if i ask you a question?
whats that behind you?
you were born and brought up in london..
open it clean.
ha ha ehe he e
so, doing laundry, huh?
mummy, why are you hitting me now?
all the mad people from chandni chowk have moved in here.
and i too cant give him much time.
you bathe with a boy?
i do love you.
but im laughing away.
where did you learn that move?
and a gas leak?
but courtesy of this sick man i have this.
okay, lets do this.
i need that stuff tonight.
kitt, if you prefer.
here, this is it right here.
what are you doing here?
in the city of grenoble.
youre really improving.
go ahead, janet.
my house is there.
we might find your book there.
okay, sweetheart... sure...
as soon as she is born...
you take one more move, mister...
he is not my son!
then we moved to that building right there.
how about bobby?
why are you saying sorry?
when i got that job at the smallville plant i was assigned to clean level 3.
then maybe you can tell me about dr.tancredi. theres nothing to tell.
save your energy.
do you believe me?
i suppose the real question is, if the opportunity arose, would you prefer to live somewhere else?
hows the vip room tonight?
unfortunately for us both youre wrong.
this is your 50, 000 bucks mr. vishal.
now, that is impressive if i do say so myself.
im melissa cole from central intelligence.
he was my father.
no. i hurt my ankle.
theyre not going to come and get us.
were all real sorry, jack.
because we will never let it happen...
you out going and im in coming.
brother, what happened to your voice?
jenny, we cant meet him in this crowd. well go to his house.
i get it, youre new at this.
if you need me, you know where to find me.
i dont think lex would
mama and papa have divorced...
you were just a kid.
it is coming down like cats and dogs out there.
ah, trust me. theres no comparison.
ill get the rest of the boxes out of the truck.
ive got hundreds.
all right. im sorry.
she left it for you.
and i have done terribly!
the truth is, i...
look around! youre in a bowl..!
they win the game in overtime.
check em out for what?
in a perfect world, okay.
will the doctor give u tonic..or put up ur report on the tv?
the man who built it thought we could microwave their invisible shield.
then the discussion is only over!
youre telling me youve just been living out here in the jungle for the past three years, by yourselves?
theres got to be a way out!
its not that.
im not just some guy you can just tr...
he works as a jinx at casinos.
you have a visitor,dan.
our amitabh bachchans film cheeni kum in hindi
how can you do that?
im sorry. do i know you?
destiny, she is kind to you.
i wish hed just listen to the d.l.f. in the first place.
besides, i got that coming to me cause i aint caused no static in this place.
well, does he just sit there and look pretty?
no no, its a new hole, colin.
another 18 inches, well hit that pipe.
how do you think kent would do on the field?
you meant to tell me that this whore was wearing nothing but a thong and this fool cant tell no difference.
eyes straight ahead.
hes not the boss of me.
i packed your lunch.
i gotta get my first shot off by noon.
pia, ur phone give it to me, one minute pla..pia jiju..when we say aal izz well..it kicks!
dad, theyre kidnappers.
we recommend juvenile prison.
can i take vincent to the beach? um... ill take you later, man.
why this trouble with us now?
im the only australian who loves peanut butter.
ever hear of tensile strength?
hey, son we need firewood, not toothpicks.
jack, if you would, please.
yes, just like one colleague is close to another colleague.
this is, uh, just a blanket from the plane.
these are the wrong people for a mission like this.
i cant believe this.
here she comes!
get the cars.
dont make wild accusations, duggal sir.
and then he was different.
... you cant be two things....
and thatll hide it.
we cant put keefe in that room.
i think hes given up.
so you tell me, john.
jacob. hold on.
i got your message.
what about the bill?
its joining others.
i keep on asking for it, she keeps on saying no. she starts to walk away and i grab for it.
see you when you get back.
this is the man thats been trying to find the island.
ill be okay.
now, i met a brave warrior.
i was under the impression that you were sent to spy on me.
just saying good morning.
seems like a million years ago.
6 ... 5 ... 4 3 ... 2 ... 1
ten minutes... we can still make it!
can i have a piece of chocolate?
see, ll count till three..tats it! ..
dad, im glad youre here. it means a lot to me.
dont worry. just dont hide in the woods like i did.
anything you want to tell me?
i know why i dont know what i want to be when i grow up.
you have to execute her. what?
a couple of hours. here.
he wants to fight you so he can capture you, zuko.
giving em to sayid.
fine. youre right.
i have to do that.
hugo, but i was led to believe that we needed you to find this place.
you call me, okay?
your tie! youre hopeless!
eywa has heard you!
how else will i get two for you?
where did she go?
you shouldve done your homework.
this means.. miracles upon miracles hope he continues to do so
help! hey! hey!
finish the enemy.
most important thing
for leaving jin behind.
they were passing around bellas scent. a red blouse.
so you just figured youd come out here to the most hostile environment known to man... with no training of any kind and see how it went?
at least your mom doesnt try to run your life.
he was pushing a button every 108 minutes to save the world.
thought you might understand. clearly i was mistaken.
but that wasnt enough, was it?
im hoping you have something more elegant than shooting me in the head.
dont leave us bauji...
gas line everyone inside was killed shamed, anything else?
we can be friends orwe can be enemies
no, she is not real.
you just arrange for the kidney.
narad replied, no problem.
were doing about 60 mile an hour, connie.
but itd be nice to have some company down here.
all roads lead here.
i dont believe it.
2 idiots wouldntve taken birth in this world sit!
whats he like?
scared because he is a khan?
im trying to keep the bugs in my nose and out of my mouth.
what if sayid tells them who he is?
no, theres another majust like you.
on the table or the dresser?
find someone else to deal with the chow.
ill bring it home.
machirajus sister deepthi is my lover.
next time, knock.
i guess you could say im one of those people whos just better off alone.
then put your toys that high.
take a look at the earthlings.
now, if we were to work together...
entire country is sleeping, is it news if charu too sleeps?
hey, have you seen iris west?
claire, honey, wake up.
kate, do not hang up on me. please listen. listen, uh...
i know it sounds crazy, but she can see the future.
who needs money when you got good looks?
by alexandree dumass.
mammoths cant go extinct..
and more importantly, whos to say theyre even our people?
were scientists. we dont want anyone to get hurt. we just wanna help.
there are people on your boat who are innocent.
its my kids birthday party.
i guess not.
but here we are, alive and well and you dont seem surprised to see us.
three years ago on 23rd august mr. ravi vardhas first wife died.
well be outside.
interesting choice of location for a meeting, lex.
you know why they call it a tie?
this lens cap.
well beat his little ass later...
it could be coming to our town next.
get in the corner. you too, brotherman.
take it easy.
well, were not doing any good here.
youre great! real man!
hey, guys. so, youre a shrink, right?
ill see you tonight.
hes a slave!
what do you want, money?
heres your pill, libby.
no ones answering.
we found him.
goodbye, little man.
i dont want to lose my child.
stay away from her!
why should i believe you?
afterwards, he bought the hotel. always stayed in that room.
i, uh... have a bit of an announcement to make about the wedding.
but ive gotta get you somewhere safe. hold on.
we should call the zieglers and thank them for the party.
the first drink is in the name of those pindaris..
he says, l believe this boys about to have himself an accident.
i bet thats because of us.
i will gun you down, scofield!
whats the matter with earl?
the whole point of my mission.
i didnt make up the rules.
all im saying is, this room is your only priority now.
lets go home.
all right, go smile big and make us proud.
... becauseshesafraidof what i might find.
do you have any terrorist links?
i got scared you may send me, brotherinlaw.
if you focus on what youve left behind, youll never be able to see what lies ahead.
well, youre lucky. youre lucky you got at least that.
no jokes please.
but some of our guest kings and political agent steve have a question.
you treat me like a bloody child, some useless joke.
salman khan has come.
mangal, where to?
what the hell are you talking about?
i thought you were taking me to your stash.
he has lost his way.
thats why i dont come into town.  you want a ride home?
whats your glitch, huh?
yes. why are you here, desmond?
this signature doesnt match our records. i just need to verify your id.
you can hear the other man talking to you, right?
its how you steer.
it was none other than me.
just get out of our camp!
we wanted to make sure wed be spotted.
he asked her to wait for him.
that day they came to kidnap a girl in mall.
the adrenaline triggered our olivias memory b lymphocytes.
anjali was three...
i cut myself shaving.
nobodys getting rich.
turn off up here
i waited for a sound,
very well. step aboard.
its gonna be insane.
you even made locke take a swing at you.
for the next six years
this place is perfect.
what am i doing?
it is more important than anything, and it is in danger.
please just listen to me!
but dont worry, okay?
i want you to leave now!
hey, im talking to you.
we should go.
yeah, i gotta get back to the coast.
theyre coming for you.
go get help!
the chopper was headed for the boat. the boat
still want to stay?
no, because i think positive emotion trumps negative emotion every time.
dude, you dont know me.
marry me, bella.
yes sir, i do have!
he comes runnin out the jungle,
it was impressive, really.
well, maybe we should just get out of here for a while.
im so glad that youre here. me, too.
look, i dont discuss my staff.
i needed to make you see me once.
so i guess it kind of stuck.
what the... those girls sold me cookies!
took his mothers maiden name.
yes, he is.
were going home!
ive been working on this project for six years... designing a station thatll be able to manipulate electromagnetism in ways we only dreamed of.
his exwife?  no, not his ex.
do you... have to... do anything special?
why would he be bothered to know it?
how much did you say it was?
i see tragedy.
we got it!
i was hoping youd go with me.
looking for someone?
michael oh, man, are we glad to see you.
kill the motor, dude.
my friend... you wrote that out.
yes, yes. its all right. look, kitt,
and we got a doctor. thatll come in handy.
youre one mixedup cracker, you know that?
well, thats what mom said.
does anyone speak russian?
youre doubting your decision to give up the baby.
someone, anyone! help me!
its a really good job, shannon.
maybe im wrong about you..
this, i cant get through five pages of.
can only be more of this?
youre my leader?
otherwise, what are you doing here all dolled up?
i guess that falls under the category be careful with what you wish for
walt saved my life, so i pretty much took him at his word.
in the process, itll set.
now, for this to work, chavez has to trust me.
we must live carefully.
youve been waiting 40 days to talk?
i deserve that, just disappearing from your life.
hes right here.
speeding his way into our lives?
you wouldnt happen to recall seeing a male caucasian, mid 30s, wearing a graystriped hoodie with shorts?
or a little slower.
all guards be aware that bakers uniform has been stolen. repeat.
well, hes a good man.
now, please lie still.
do not let me dishonor my legion.
that they create monsters!
you cant go through.
yeah, im just a little tired.
take, im going.
are you thinking the locker rooms haunted?
why didnt this thing slow down instead of driving around?
fire your weapon, othic!
but considering were running for our lives,
why do you think im digging this hole?
the glass is two inches thick, bulletproof.
i have to get back to our children because you left them.
are you her brother or broker?
damn trailing point switch.
how many more must die for the throne?
i do hope our paths cross again, mr gray.
i suggest you live with us.
then you were serious about entering your car.
do you have the courage to take your finger out of the dam, blow the whole thing up instead?
but please dont forget that youre the father of our child.
package? you mean the corpse?
well, you should be out playing.
jack wants to blow up the island?
they didnt just push him out into the jungle, jack.
come on, sir, give us a penny!
about the armed men inside.
how bout you hand that over?
probably unpacking his rule book.
ill get men to catch it, you go now.
i like to report a hitandrun.
times have changed.
what do you photograph?
whats going on? alright lake victoria, are you ready for some titties? !
i never took french. what is she saying?
apparently, you guys are in dire need of a new computer lab.
i wanna know who you were with.
thats sad, isnt it?
well, is it latin for ive got a pile of money... so we can score vast quantities of illicit substances?
i have the address.
i assume thats technical equipment too?
i was hoping you could tell me.
thats not all, sir.
there is no new number.
hey,ask me more questions about time travel.
no one touches the co.
dont do this.
can i borrow two bucks?
... hunts version of that here tonight.
page my father?  already did.
you think i had something to do with sun getting grabbed?
they use during tooth extractions
i am sick of everyone saying he is all right.
lets throw it out then.
do you know, every cigarette reduces five minutes of your life.
brooks said youre, like, negative.
what happened to you there?
that depends on what youd like to talk about, sayid.
they said they were leaving.
honey, its gonna be ok. jordan? jordan.
am i to just to capitulate?
why are we going back to the beach if theres nothing to go back to?
i want to tell you something.
how you had tortured me?
that wont taste good.
you never did like your office, did you?
i just mean that, you know, if you needed someone to talk to about anything,
i wonder where kyle is now?
my lamplight will not work.
whats that have to do with renting a car?
..then why shed blood?
what is our strength?
i wanted to go in there after her, but you, uh...
everybodys searching for their soul mate. its not a sign of weakness.
do you have a name, or should i just keep calling you miss?
to go back to the island.
its a bird without the...
whatd you eat today?
if we slow down now, well never catch it.
what did you do?
they werent willing to do that, so i was forced to kill them.
shoot him. now.
oh, man, hes out.
but you report to me.
i just got...
im not sure as long as it doesnt involve putting on a suit and doing a lot of flying.
man, it is coming down.
its not so.
i shouldnt have come on this hike!
and then one morning, we all went to the hospital... and my little brother finally arrived.
madam, we cant do anything.
miles is right.
maybe if we rest a while, hell regain consciousness.
where is it now?
he wrote speech in pure hindi from librarian dubey jee to impress virus, hello, yes will call, chathur, youve a call dubey jee please keep this print out with you, ill come back in sometime,
well talk then.
sorry, man. there was nothing i could do.
never got to know him that well before, he was always buried in a sketchpad.
mother has sent them.
not a single one of us is going to get her,
thanks for making it in time.
we cremated him, scattered the ashes on the football field at school.
hey, so i get to see you tomorrow, or what?
back to our island.
our mannys growing up!
this is what im talking about!
we. thats wonderful.
this kind of party can make or break a reputation.
broke captain hadleys heart to shoot him.
then teach me everything you know.
we move now with the cash, or we all wait here and die.
bring it up.
east at least i think its east.
dont drop it down, guitar may break.
the last time you encountered him you put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
what are you doing?
daddy let me watch letterman.
to tell me when im not thinking clearly.
because of your surname!
well, shoot it, then!
do not underestimate enemy combat intelligence.
im gonna slice it off and use it to wipe my unmentionables.
just say something, say anything.
behind a desk.
well, thanks for coming in, jack. have a seat.
the church needs to conduct an investigation before anyone can be told.
dont find me.
everyone gets knocked out before the trip, so no one meets each other until we process em.
the hydrogen bomb that i told your people to bury. where is it?
okay, when the next storm comes, well go up on the roof...
none of you did anything to prevent this!
so, sharkbait, what do you think?
how do you know, clark?
come now, charlotte.
get outta there. get away from it. come on.
its never gonna be me and you and your sister and shyne fucking playing house up there.
but it was only a matter of time before hed try to kill you.
there are hostile people on this island and we dont get along with them.
quite honestly, mr. shephard,
no, i dont. what?
i need some pressure on this wound.
no need.i aint going down for murdering no hack.
if i get a boy friend like don seenu, ill consider myself to be lucky.
how am i supposed to win this thing? put me on thstand.
id like to discuss it again.
they got nothing but an incoming sub.
..then we can do what you have asked me not to speak about.
that plan is not gonna work.
the first night i spent on this island,
you got union trouble down at the sand factory, norma rae?
youre going to be stunned...
not the big bugs.
have you seen eko?
what did you hear?
theyre the babies!
and everyone we lost since we got here...
im the guy that killed your men.
falzone is just an envelope.
its going down! this thing is gonna go! you have to let it go.
i actually enjoyed that.
come up with an adequate story if they ask. stay quiet if they dont.
..your lord krishna has said, war should be the final option.
but this is just something i need...
ive never seen somebody that strong.
i havent seen that smile in a week. whats up?
it doesnt matter.
why dont you just keep calling me henry?
they want you in administration.
all that is known at this time is that a tow truck dragged him down a residential street before the truck exploded.
you two deserve each other.
what does it look like?
jack he looks good. fevers broken.
ill give you 50 francs for him.
weve got shots fired, one hostage down. full alert.
hes not getting paid till he does exactly that.
i dont want to know.
were running out. keep moving.
long ride, kazoo. we gotta keep ourselves entertained.
yeah, you cleaned us out.
l dont know.
i had mr. mozart to keep me company.
somehow, with diabetes and that tattoo, i find that hard to believe.
yeah, of course you dont.
stick to the truth. youre good at it.
all right. you can all go to lunch now.
what the hells the matter with you?
kind of reminds me of a turtle i once had.
well then... youre letting the water make you..
come on, you custom piece of shit.
youre just humiliating yourself.
what did you do?
not at all.
a little of lord radleys very fine burgundy was spilt on my shirt cuff.
why cant the avatar have a family?
yeah, im fine.
the dna,the cipher for top secret codes.
no, i cant open it now
now, where is he going to come back.. slimy bastard, mother.. mother..
you gonna take the bullet outwith your bare hands?
not that i dont enjoy the company, but yes, i was.
why wont i understand?
shell flutter with my shaking her up.
look, until we know who he is, whether or not hes telling the truth, we have to keep doing what were doing.
bakara market is the wild west.
well, what about me?
well, if your kingdoms worth more to you than your daughter...
we have to close all these windows.
you knew and you didnt tell me?
not to tell about what?
smells like carrots.
i dont think her tree goes all the way to the top branch!
and in each of them, there is a version of us.
will you take a look at this xray? uh, its in the l4.
so you can learn english.  uh...
theyre not sleeping... look, its a very mild sedative.
thats why i need you to protect me.
i swear, if you dont shut up.
what do you think we should do, john?
dont you hurt him.
you want him back, youre gonna have to come out here.
poor little guy.
you never know that your future might be much better..
this is a nightmare.
hey, dont do that.
you should thank me. it was a stupid idea.
is she your love?
what did they get for it?
what if we miss the plane?
see this knot, walt?
hetal, im coming.
i thought you were at sawyers last night.
ii said that, yeah.
see there we could only afford one airconditioner
plus i have something none of you do.
lets you and me go talk.
no one calls the shots.
hugo, youve been in here almost two months now.
they took my son!
even my wife doesnt abuse me like you
i dont know, just dont want to lose a friend in the process.
boo saved them.
this is our ancestral urn.
that says 18g?
the kidnappers are working for you?
now you wanna take the scenic route?
stop his heart.
you said you wanted to live on a boat.
what is it, clark?
good for you.
i mess with him, you drill into him, he gets pissed, and then what, huh?
as a kickball pitcher since they havent been able to afford any ice for the rink.
we have to face the fact that our police are helpless in this matter.
i regret that i must withdraw, for a tail is the honor and glory of a mouse.
could be something useful in here.
well, you better start thinking about what youre doing, cause you cant help lj if youre dead.
my suitcase got exchanged..
but washington, in all its wisdom, decided against this.
lt has taken years for us to meet each other
drop the guns! drop the guns!
what about your stepfather?
doctor, someone from the outside tried to kill him.
its back this way.
..buy as many weapons as he wants to attack madhavgarh.
but if it is i hope you know what must be done.
tell me in which film this song comes?
please do not ask me again if im ok.
all right, i guess.
were asking to go in and set up a perimeter until ground support arrives.
hey champ no..nothin is happening..
well, somethings come up, and i m not going to be able to see them.
well get some fluids into you, youll be good as new, okay?
i dont like how you did it, but i shouldnt have gotten in your way.
so, what, you dont wanna hang outwith me any more?
means only one thing
i did learn that eventually,yes. from the u.s. marshal?
we still have no information about whos driving this vehicle.
speak of devil!
i think i might be...
and, like, is it supposed to be a metaphor for consumerism?
you know, khan.
i must become real.
no, i said i was taking you to a restaurant.
stay away from him, kent.
strange question. why do you ask?
i didnt get a thing right.
why dont you and beez go outside and share those... and ill talk to your mom for a minute, okay?
oh, not a chance in hell.
its not really a new idea.
science camp? yes.
do i get a lollipop?
filled with dirt, filth and muck..
jeanbaptiste chose differently.
that makes two of us.
ramona, your father was just  mom!
richard has agreed to show us where we need to go.
and behind every shady deal behind every dollar earned there was andy, keeping the books.
the avatar was the only person born amongst all the nations who could master all four elements.
so most of the time, its honey.
best time to hunt.
except on paper.
i feel like thrashing you. go back india immediately.
it has to do with feeling something for somebody.
and she was threatening to tell everybody.
whatd you say?
thats a good question. so? how about answering it?
do you believe in destiny, priya?
but if you decide you dont want to... then im gonna have to take this to the next level.
ill change my way...
couldnt you see i try to serve my customer?
i pray five times a day.
please open the door.
im not sure.
its all i wish from you
not really. i never wanted this life. it just kind of happened.
come on. come on. come on.
we need to get you home. come on.
you need to prepare yourself for that.
when you wake, well have tea together before we start the engines.
is replaced by periphrases and metaphors.
claire. can you hear me?
say it fast.
do not lose her.
maybe theres something else that youll find.
maybe. charlie, we all want to find claire.
one of the players accused of cheating came forward and said you supplied them with the tests.
okay, eloise, go on. after you.
you are going to lose the boy.
take your place with the valleys finest.
yes, he was.
well, sir, i was recruited out of medical school.
im asking, would it help?
another one, please.
c2, bring them back. get them out of there.
captain, the president is listening.
where the fucks the truck?
id take them to the movies and people would say
i cant shoot you.
i dont think i could make it on the outside.
im trying to swim here. ocean isnt big enough for you?
he wants to know what colour car you want!
the trick is to synchronize a kick that can penetrate all three levels.
lets open the bar.
hey, its up!
..what is destined will happen.
beating him is pointless.
im very stressed.
i like them.
..so that you can think in the favour of those british.
well, this shit aint right.
jin? can you hear me?
put grandma on the phone for me, will you?
found on him... a gun, a camera, photographs.
chopper 43, can you zoom in?
why not everybody?
at least the title sounds important.
i expected more.
i dont do speeches. see you at lunch. we can canvass the cafeteria.
now i know you havent understood anything from this.
youre acting like a bloody lunatic!
no! dont do this.
you got a restraining order. 20 feet.
hundreds of thousands have died because of your inability to accept that you sons are monsters!
tolstoy. dostoyevsky. iching.
trains about to leave the station.
not that kind of shrink.
im not brian.
do you mind?
looking for salvage from the crash.
but everywhere i go, there it is.
hmmm remove ur pants.... remove pant oooh so u wont listen like this hanh?
how can you stand to be so close to her?
this verma is a big bore!
just want to see if you wrote anything about me.
yeah, and we bought it.
for a race around the world.
im not good.
..i wouldve married your sister long back.
get me a rag!
you have to know your place.
look, nobody did anything.
bloody! how dare you show my sister instead of narsings sister?
everybody was just staring at me.
you know, make you forget about that big, bad chair.
he doesnt want me to. trust me.
at times i am ahead.
i need that crash unit fast!
we gotta go.
that woman where is she now?
what you call a nightmare id call a wet dream.
sweetheart, the luthors have sold out anyone whos ever trusted them.
were not lost.
precautions will be made to make sure they can only shoot at people on the track.
dont. its over between us.
why the hell are we stopping?
then who phoned ahaana?
hollow points through your vest.
uh, i felt something touch me. something strange.
will you accept?
i dont know, some meaningful combination of numbers based on your experiences with maurice.
yeah,like they knew exactly where they were going.
whats an item like this usually go for?
throwing a tantrum...
all airbenders should be dead.
you both go in, we need to talk.
dont you think we should tell him everything?
what you expect me to do, g?
i dont understand what you are saying.
dont know why uncle, i feel like calling like that.
that bad, huh?
and here we are again.
i got another gig later tonight.
where you going?
hell, freckles, i knew you wanted it.
chucky, you wanna keep that kid quiet?
rough enough to shatter some bones, maybe even a left knee.
to congratulate you.
which end is up?
no. its my sister.
the truth is, i dont want it on public show.
a dynamic woman.
did you ever sleepwalk before?  no.
are you funny?
i am talking about ben.
so its definitely happening?
time to cut your cake.
we have an emergency situation.
i guess thats why they pushed me out.
farewell, dear basil.
what? we dont have time for this.
and the purchase order for the old 777 bought through a shell company, and the shipping logs for the freighter he used to drop the whole mess down a trench deep enough to guarantee that no remains are ever gonna be identified.
you dont have to...
yeah, screw that.
ill complete my century if i find..
how did you know that?
but dad agreed.
yeah? you know how i can get a hold of her?
thats older than jesus christ.
autopsy shows nothing. zip.
read franks book. and that person is oprah.
oh, you kids.
look, how we walked into a jam, i dont think this will clear now.
got one right.
anything ive done can be laid at your feet
i cant sleep.
i wanted to save it.
well, i have, except, unfortunately, someone else decided to start.
i left the number of our hotel on the nightstand. i think thats everything.
then you better figure it out.
this day just got a little more interesting.
mouths silently  spencer... youre up.
i decided then..
i never thought id see the day.
see. see my bad luck.
bonds that we dont understand... that we dont need to understand.
i run a school for kids who are... extremely special, and i have reason to believe that you might be one of them.
after our conversation the other night, i was frankly surprised.
table five coming up, right now.
the stuff in the bowl, what is that?
good luck, john, and godspeed.
latin, tommy. its latin.
by something impossible.
michael, come on.
you want to survive?
your real parents.
by the time the bird realizes its missing, it never even occurs to her the rock star charlie bloody pace could be responsible for such larceny.
well, how will you know?
my ammi mother razia khan.
you can leave now, charlie.
i dont want your money, take it.
not even the nurse...
jack was trapped. remember?
and they lived...
please say no.
they are very nice people.
the reason the others wanted her baby was for research.
then i cool it toward pomade, and... and then i filter it, before...
then tell me what i want to know!
hi, excuse me.
im sorry to hear that.
ill just have a cappuccino, please.
once you leave, youll never be able to get back here.
im getting answers.
it was in lauras old room.
i did not invite your fiance to kiss me,
dad, we have to get your disk.
please. i want jasmine.
be my guest, martin.
counting the four fritters that we just ate..
we should all be able to start over.
what did you say?
she set the fire herself.
shes safer here.
first off, does anybody here know how to use a firearm of any kind?
anything could be inside.
i am a gambler, but not a scoundrel.
i missed you, too, hugo.
its just war.
ive been watching aros decisions, too.
i can call you joe, cant i?
we dont need him no more.
well meet her there.  whatwhwhat are you talking about?  what happened?
the first ladys secured.
hey, jake. how far is this place? come on!
lord of 500 spears.
her names ji yeon. heres a baby picture.
stop trying to take your clothes off.
you wont be spared today
you said youve been here for four months.
thats who you are.
we need to move
where are you going?
ive a principal..
it was as though... he did not exist.
hands off, mordecai!
did you explain to her that well come to kidnap her?
i didnt have a chance to get it gift wrapped, so...
when do i get the money dad left me?
excellent, thank you.
and now he knows he could never part
these people who are coming youre scared of em, arent you?
he is, hes just...
remember when i told you that i didnt get anything from the divorce?
oh, veronica, i dont know.
its faster if we cut through here.
he sent me to smallville because hed rather surround himself with drones than people who challenge his archaic business practices.
you heard correct.
ive rehearsed it thoroughly.
kilo 11, this is 61, providing cover for prisoner extract. over.
what do i want?
you think hes involved?
has my guru sent you?
i have until graduation to see him.
lex, are you okay?
how many times do ive to tell you fool?
mike traceur is legally dead.
hang the map up.
you be careful.
he wouldnt get hurt so much.
this was your job, goddamn it!
whos the weirdo?
come quietly. not this side, lets go from back.
i hate it when you do that.
ill get my things.
why did you call me?
but now, ill finish you off.
i used to...
i had a feeling when i looked in his eyes.
l am fine.
this is the part where you run away!
what i want to do when i grow up is make people laugh.
the morning sickness has stopped, which has been nice.
cant believe it.
you must be happy always without any difficulties.
whats your problem?
and to tell you she is quite a madcap.
i left you with no other choice.
and then they just took him off in a car.
dont know what is up there.
somebody says a cross word. accusations start flying.
my dusks must end with me resting in your lap,
degree of difficulty is off the charts.
we gotta get you out of here.
on the drums, kip fleming.
what you doing with this fish, man?
you were right about me.
and then i walk out the back door.
no, a friend of yours came by, applied for the assistant manager position.
maybe we met before you know, drunk, out at a bar somewhere.
wait, wait, wait. david, david.
how am i supposed to tell her that?
and what does he think?
sam, you know i didnt.
just when i thought it couldnt get any more profound, something unexpected happened.
ladies and gentlemen, please, may i have your attention?
when did you do all this?
he couldve escaped.
sure enough did. look at that baby.
im sure youve figured it out by now, i was coming here.
cover fire, now.
not with that cast on youre not.
happy club has no money.
then she must have showed you her daughters photo.
you talking out the side of your neck?
this might hurt for a second.
yes, i remember.
ill have to make some calls, but i dont see why not.
four weeks ago, i wouldnt have believed it.
russ, i heard you had a little trouble this morning.
take away virus from this world!
thats a good idea.
but i can promise you this
cause, uh, the torch around the dynamite thing, not making sense to me.
by omission, mr.
no, its ok.
kyle tippett.  the guy who sells weird sculptures in town?
dont just work it down!
what kind of accident?
youve never been in love?
he... he attacked us and then got rescued by some of the other recruits.
its about time. i am dying of thirst.
you have 40 people.
its your necklace.
dude, do you really need an extra minute of playing dora the explorer?
i like him. hes nice.
something is happening.
he made me your alternate.
weve got movement, 200 meters.
oh, my god, shes back in school too?
youre fine, arent you chari?
her wish is nearly granted in the form of a prince.
are you planning a trip?
and now you are talking about going to the police.
neither possible nor desirable.
help me! somebody!
hey, you burned my raft?  just calm down.
ill carry it.
to preserve their scent better, you say?
tell me if youve any problem, son.
i havent figured that out yet.
im sorry, not the jaw.
whats the matter?
i have to think about my future.
is your diarrhoea all right now?
i really dont remember.
what are you talking about?
come on. come on. lets go!
an elegant solution for keeping track of reality.
gonna be kind of hard.
ill kill you!
are you seeing something im not?
so, you want something to believe in, spoons?
nine years old?
not just that, its the question of someones love.
i said dont move. this is a violation of the truce.
whats this sir? its round.
and give it a little extra.
john sol alicia yeah, i talked to sol.
i mean, even though i grew up here,
then dont draw one.
this is all in your head.
did you notice kwans son down at the air force booth?
well, thered be no balloon.
now, listen to me.
then its your turn.
shell bust you.
seriously, a golf course.
you say there isnt any purpose?
what are you doing, dude?
you should not have won.
yell if you need me.
a liquid libation to ease that frustration?
its my birthday today.
open the door now, sir.
we cant just leave him laying here, jack.
because your brother, fire lord ozai, and i have decided it is in our best interests to kill the moon spirit.
the trucks fucking waisthigh.
no, havent seen him all day.
i dont think a rational adult drops a generator on top of a teenage boy, do you?
dont let him get away!
but i might bleed to death.
what do you mean one minute?
we got a quarter tank.
tell him the truth.
hes not in.
okay, jump on the high rail and go after it.
unlock the damn cuffs.
ill never make it, howie.
i just want some answers.
..we can get closer to them.
you know why.
fine. you dont wanna trust me, lots of luck.
youve had worse from shaving.
then do what pleases you.
good thing i ran into you.
hi, this is jackie.
if theres no atmospheric electrons available to him,
you always wind up right in the middle of whats going on.
what a rush.
its never been a conversation. i can be careful, and you dont trust me.
i gave you the aspirin for the withdrawal.
that hostile knows about the swan!
i remember lying in the street, blood dripping into my eyes watching your taillights disappear.
basically, the reason is that i need a costume.
kelso was a bitter ruin of a man and hes dead.
well, it is not for sale.
its taking off van nuys airport tonight.
theyre coming, jamie.
the sun is about to come up.
the biography part or the fact that our student subjects were randomly assigned?
bea, i dont want to go anyplace else without you.
come on... come on... come on.
i understand youre from missouri.
your mother died four months ago, but the bank got your house in the reverse mortgage.
now that i have your attention, get on the floor, right now!
this is going to be quite the ride.
if you dont do that, the hungry and thirsty people..
cant you convince him that it was all,like,a misunderstanding?
i lived most of my life in tustin, california.
my name is charles widmore.
i guess its time we talked about this.
okay, listen, henry.
so i hold on to his wedding ring whenever we took a plane trip.
this is like a timeout for the night.
it must be submerged now
can you at least tell me where theyre taking me?
a boar wouldnt just attack you for no reason.
you may think this is a democracy, kate,because of the way jack ran things.
have you seen my little girl, anjali?
we are a family.
my happiness lies in your happiness.
lets start again from the beginning.
sir, clothes dont make a man.
right, of course.
do i smell lovely?
by 1966, right about the time tommy was getting ready to take his exams it was lovely raquel.
uve come first..uve come second..im so sorry, u failed!
oh, come on.
aria, are you okay?
suppose i wanted blueberry.
ive been running through the jungle toward the sound of gunfire because i dont care about michael.
i wont but promise me you will not feed me the way you this pumpkin.
you are an illustration.
i was hoping i could start over with your family.
a client paid me in cash. ive been looking for this all day.
but youve gotta have faith.
you had that last night.
we got one thing they dont surprise.
as well as plenty of
what is it, daniel?
im too old.
i memorize all his recipe.
in his journal during this period, he wrote that the shadow was his friend, the night his domain.
youre the one who wanted her dead, charles. not the island.
did you see her hat?
and lately, thas all the time.
now come on out.
what was i supposed to do?
p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney.
ever since your dad got sick, you havent been any fun at all.
look, i gotta go. i gotta check in.
nothing will affect tomorrow, if youre worried.
youd think id remember it was there.
no,the marshal died in the crash.
if its just me, theyre never gonna go for it.
well, i guess i better... go make some more waffles.
who was over?
but since you are still recovering from your ordeal, and i detect are in a slightly irritable mood caused by fatigue, may i suggest you put the car in the auto cruise mode for safetys sake?
what the hell are you doing?
what.. what will i do here?
she lied to me that her brother is an ips officer.
well handle it from here.
you even know the little rhyme!
rain or storm holds no meaning for him.
i forced you to come with us at gun point, and im sorry,
no, there wasnt, thanks to you.
well, move quick.
this is even crazier than you are.
lmmy sir is not at home.
im going to cut him down.
youre doing this to get the cowboy back faster, arent you?
we couldnt unite even after meeting.
get your filthy paws off me!
wish me luck.  good luck.
no boys allowed, huh?
bauji is inside... im telling you rukhsar...
where they came from, how many there were?
that claire was kept for days during which god knows what happened to her.
something wrong, jack?
were supposed to go back  ... because its our destiny.
i, of course, know for some time the ingredients of amor and psyche.
you hit me with love and i hit back with law.
especially when it comes to an illegitimate child.
the hell is wrong with you, coming down here now?
your transfer came in.
am i interrupting?
why does he want to kill you?
actually, im meeting whitney at the store.
i just have never been in a relationship before where its actually going well.
gonna be a nice big asterisk next to your name.
right. but its not your idea, because you know i gave it to you.
i didnt believe her.
hi, mrs. kent.
thats good, boy! come on.
james... whats going on?
your office told me you were here.
maybe you ought to hear what i got to say.
no, its not just that.
you believe that?
it might take a while.
if you lose your disk or fail to follow commands, you will be subject to immediate deresolution.
im just really, really sorry.
on the floor.
you will not be harmed!
from the time directions are relayed from surveillance to joc, then to me.
this is definitely better from brooklyn.
where are you?
i accidentally closed my eyes.
shes in room 208.
we like to fish with our hands.
i want to know the name of your employer.
im running out of peroxide.
ill not accept, how can i bring the real man now if he asks?
ill do anything you need. you see these hands?
they hurt me.
at 1446 pacific standard time 12 different locations across the globe were breached in a coordinated attack by an unknown enemy.
mike only cares about himself and his kid.
son, its better for me to owe you one in here than it is for you to owe me one,
shes getting reeled in.
good people.. bad people. theres no other difference.
they were hot shit, no doubt about that.
he is alive, michael.
look into my eyes.
that theres more to harrison.
where is ray
theres a bomb!  did he say bomb? go back!
we were expecting someone, you know, taller.
the fire nation is up to something.
when i told you about a man like me, you didnt believe me, granny.
not a great first impression?
the only way to get the best produce is to have first pick of the day and there are only two way to get first pick.
seems like a long time ago.
then thats the way itll be.
jacob so youre still alive for now.
take me home.
she fell down on the playground, thats all...
how you feel about your soul.
keep him hydrated.
oh, whos talking to you? and in case you havent noticed,
someone from hyderabad is here to meet narasimha.
please do not screw this up.
and well be young men together again.
its all gone, destroyed.
we got to cook this.
given such circumstances, i think smoke is more than reasonable.
i dont know about you, but its been a long time.
my wife made that in church group.
so you say, two look alikes are there
charlie, do you know how they got the hatch door open?
its written to be read.
i can get in and out before they wake.
just like when you, you know.
a friend of mine, he has tattooed in my name and number, for remembering me.
you know, this kid has always freaked me out but the one thing ill say about him is he never lied.
he still hasnt warmed up to her.
cause youre in pain and you need to let it out.
i told you attachments were dangerous.
youre not leading me out into the jungle so you can disappear or shoot me in the back.
thats not me. thats not who i am.
welcome to london, sir.
god cant do any wrong can he?
what kind of a person do you think i am?
youre not, huh? we should, uh...
i took shannon there once.
looks like we have a change of plan.
are we that obvious?
yeah.  you can do it!
go ashore and do what?
your husbands in the recovery room,and hes asking for you.
creature screeching  faulkner screaming
let it be, friend.
i can drink a river of blood and not burst.
i thought lex luthor had all the answers.
what needs to happen to make you say something? ! hey, calm down.
uns jurisdiction, 64.
i just adore snorsi struffl...
i couldnt do anything.
you want us to fill out a comment card?
do you have a spelling test today?
such things matter little to children.
im a bit jetlagged. i just got back from europe.
im not at liberty to divulge the identity of my client.  your client?
a magnetic anomaly might explain a variance of two or three degrees but not this.
why are you so old?
get out of the building, clark!
yes, and the torture. look, here!
you know, food.
isnt that hostile territory?
ramona is a bright young student
im not a good person, charlie.
youre barry allen, right?
1206, go faster, over.
i think i found the right tree...
i know the farms in debt, but hell pave it and turn it into a wasteland hardly better than the offers i made.
but your style is wrong.
back in an hour.
how about that?
rahul...we didnt take blessings from father.
this is the police. you are completely surrounded.
you know, if i were you, id learn to keep that temper in check.
you heard miles.
hell deny it, but hes d.b. cooper.
okay. well, then lets do it.
yeah, but shes got that gun.
any bodies we bury are not gonna stay buried for very long.
did you hit something?
they lay their eggs on other birds nest and when their babies come to the world, what do they do first?
cant you see what shes doing?
then what about the papers that you took from her then?
hes kind of in love with me.
where are you going, mommy?
lets take a ride. he jumps in my truck and starts in with...
his sister is planning to elope with another man on 21st.
i heard about it in your moms mind.
i got in the shallows.
hanh..... weve been very used to this hot air from those days..
remember, red hope is a good thing maybe the best of things.
i see youve met our charming host.
what did i do?
walked with shannon.
why would i bother?
theyre no good at anything.
siva, its me anand.
thank you for seeing me, sir. im... john.
give it back for 200.
you are the elder son ofthe family...
he can write all he wants.
the truth is, id do anything to protect my friends.
how is nikki?
im gonna get you out.
too bad, kitt.
this isnt what we want.
maybe were the ones who need to prove ourselves to him.
0.5 billion doesnt disappear.
where do you want to go?
look, 14k kills xander, he makes him a martyr.
is that really true, lieutenant?
it could only happen in california. heres wendy walsh with a special report.
did you not plan to marry the mother?
where am i going?
the match is tomorrow.
you wrote this letter.
she sold them a ton of land.
rosen this isnt math.
eau de wolf coming up.  run.
ever since then he has been saying these three words only.
we can find food.
okay, i know i blew it tonight, but at least let me give you your present.
i left the shoot half way...
i thought you said whatever happened,happened.
all right. ill grab the rest of his stuff.
just trying to work a few things out.
aro wants to speak with you again.
theres nothing i can do.
veer murdered that cripples sons.
i think your water just broke.
now, ill need you to sign and date here where indicated.
no, i dont.
yeah, mine is too. and my nose isnt bleeding anymore.
whats your name again?  juliet.
this has to be the perfect outfit.
why should she be any different?
its like a fog.
yeah, you know what that is. down.
you know, people are gonna be talking about this forever.
all this cooking and reading and tvwatching while we read and cook.
but i cant find buddy. i dont know where that kids gone.
come on, split up! everybody get to the creek!
uhhehes in the shower.i think.
there are things what we need to cover that we cant between classes.
do something funny.
i was too scared to even tell you just once how much you mean to me.
where is my money, tell me.
ok, whats that?
feeling embarrassed to cry before us, did you cry behind closed door in bathroom?
ya.. somewhere there.
okay, i love you too. thats it.
if i could just explain.
you really know salman?
i apologise, ljjas, its his habit.
you stay right here.
started making trouble, fighting with guys.
why did you say that the helicopters are coming back?
if you make it hard, though...
oh, you gotta do something for me.
and since the security cameras didnt pick up any hostiles crossing the perimeter, that means it was one of us.
what if she comes here?
is the company planning on derailing 777?
this young lady...
do i know you from somewhere?
i was just saying what this town needs is more pesticides in the water supply.
all of us.
am im too clever, or its a world of fools?
no, ryan, i dont.
in union with him who is the resurrection
was she conscious at all?
so, whats the deal?
he came in from the water.
you seemed pretty convinced, especially when i said you were gonna die.
lm gonna talk to locke.
greetings duggal sir.
how do we kill them?
hanna! the situation is delicate.
will you stay with us?
youre telling me that the future is...
is it you who called me?
the bridge game ok?
you were in the dharma initiative?
why do they call it that?
you know nothing!
hes dead. the splenic.. artery is clamped. time of death, 805 pm.
it leads directly to a town where i used to live.
what did you do to me?
im going to need some work done, and im going to need it done privately.
and give it back.
close your eyes and not mine.
that was... fun!
come on, you motherfuckin hillbilly!
why are you escaping without even brushing your teeth?
whats going on, sam?
id put some grass under em if i were you.
why did you give that note to him?
steve! steve, let me go.
we can get a nurse, a chauffeur here...?
take the only thing burrows has left.
mama i forgot!
allow me... ill call.
sounds like quite an evening.
whos screaming now, bitch?
i got a sketch artist coming here now to work with our witness.
you know where she is now?
if charlie didnt turn off that gizmo, wed still be getting a busy signal on that fancy phon so you better make sure you treat him real good when we get back.
what are you doing?
armored escalades, full communication package.
you could have stopped this thing before it even got started.
i dont think ive ever eaten a fish.
if they knew who you were, that you were my daughter, they would use you to get to me.
they know whos responsible for the murders.
i wish you luck.
hey, reasons dont mean shit in this place.
you out here for michael, or just payback for getting shot?
but they complicate all of our lives.
you run that under the sink, all right?
at the end he called me in to his deathbed.
ive gotta find whitney.
each level relates to the part of the subjects subconscious that we are trying to access.
it doesnt matter who i am.
hows your head?
youre not gonna feel a thing, but... you will.
i mean, if we ever, you know, get off this island.
back to where you came from.
i used some tribal flutes once in a recording session.
okay, thanks, byebye.
i wanted to discuss your intentions.
little short on coffee, but i got you some tea.
listen, you guys gotta stay put.
right there you have various political motivations and antimonopolistic sentiments and so forth.
hey, charlie, whats going on?
well, its late, you know.
very well, thank you.
this youre not gonna believe.
we will.both of us.
desmond, im john.
that doesnt take time.
lm going to make a call.
will you hold on a second?
ill take her on the next run. i promise, dan.
im just trying to keep my freakout on the inside!
there are many distractions, brother, but you must move past them.
you wanna do one more bump for the road?
what do we do now?
l need to go inside use the toilet.
why were you in a wheelchair?
you know me all right.
some of this stuff is probably better forgotten.
i could use a bit of the wide open.
sir, ground has movement.
and what are you driving?
777 is gaining speed.
how are you alive?
that is not who i am! not anymore.
parcher they know me.
and who best to battle this singular opponent?
are you serious, jimmy?
did you remember me at all?
ill show u if the mother gets tired and is unable to push then this cup is put on the babys head suction pump creates vacuum and this cup sticks on the babys head then the baby is pulled out
but how do i do that..
i felt fine this morning, and now i cant get warm.
no, dad, i havent got anything.
dude, its been a day.
his signs more subtle.
for that piece of...  hey! dont hate the truck.
an honorable discharge? that is fate.
and this containmentthe place they built over it
you must be so excited.
you know where you hope this train will take you, but you cant know for sure.
he went to get some wood,  took off on the path to the beach.
i cant believe youd do this.
uh, maybe because i was running towards you, waving my arms, yelling, dont do that?
then what are you doing?
and one day, when i came home from school,
cant i just look myself?
so i just came by to visit you one last time before we leave.
take it easy.
the lost city in the sea at the end of the world.
but when you started emailing me when i was in the hospital i knew that this was my chance and i wasnt going to let you get away twice.
which means that whoever attacked you and victoria in the bathroom was invisible?
ohh..these work great!
the son of a bitch was fast.
look, burrows the police have instructed me that this is an ongoing investigation, and as such, any contact you make with your son could potentially aid and abet him as a fugitive.
lt means a lot to us.
its large enough, and it runs parallel to the street.
i dont know, dressed better.
the beach, i think.
look out, veer.
l seen what happens when i dont keep an eye on you.
i wanna know what were doing in the middle of nowhere.
and it is top secret, and you may not tell anybody,
light. comma. sticks.
i was worshipped and they...
sure youre not. no, ii promise you, im very much alive.
whats your problem?
even if i make it, you wont last in here, nor will quorra.
i like earning it as much as i like spending it.
ill forget it.
it is to that island i can return you.
i cant file a report for 24 hours.
hey, whats wrong?
moms half salary has been spend on dads medicines, sisters marriage is not happening, as the groom wants maruthi 800,
his music warns me.
i dont know.
but were running out of time, sun, i need you to decide right now.
on the island alone.
well chop a team of gun ships to you. over.
the bands going to take a break.
thats why i called you, sir.
what i want...
then i was lying in a beautiful garden...
i understand, but it is my duty to remind him...
ive been trying to reach you on the walkie.
have you spoken to rahul about this?
who work is dirty?
didnt it sound orcaish? it doesnt sound orca.
i love it when you wear this stuff.
but i cant leave the hatch unmanned.
the track will run the length of terminal island along some of the narrowest and most harrowing paths that the racing world has to offer.
who the hell are you?
no. you you look beautiful.
its contained down here.
im roger. roger linus.
i dont want anything from the money.  relax.
why cant you be all brainy like your brother?
havent you seen the size?
what, the night you fucked me?
im part of the team now.
im going to kill that scum.
all right. im gonna put a tube in that and youre gonna be just fine.
shes out of town.
that shes resting somewhere...
you said there were four guns.
i quit, actually.
trust me, ana, no one thinks were safe.
the worst weather theyd had in years.
nothing is down there, except for what might have been left behind by anyone sharing the dream whos been trapped there before.
all the soloists i tapped
as a matter of fact, i do.
she risked herself for me.
didnt mean to startle you.
the brush just seemed to dance and i just painted what i saw.
weve done a range of ads...
please let me understand this.
he never said who did it.
and i also believe that henry was one of them.
were all clear on the burrows execution.
the new tenants who..
but i do know someone who could stop him, perhaps i could arrange a meeting
whats going on?
thats all i want for her.
were all going hunting. powering up for the battle.
and she aint never coming back.
so why dont you tell me...
not just money.
what are we gonna do?
no need to be scared.
i can pull out the shrapnel.
dont use the sink until i get back.
no good, fish.
i dont think he could talk at all.
okay. okay, im coming. bye.
whats the matter lajoji?
im not gonna tell you!
its like the colonies just up and left.
when your father owns the team, its easier to pull some strings.
no, no, no. youre twisting it again!
each perfume contains three cords
im tired of waiting.
fibonacci or your pretty little girlfriend there?
and now here, a son of adam has come forth to offer us back our freedom.
to bed with no dessert!
i wont do this.
so this is the root cause of all the troubles.
okay, well, where would we go?
i have to find her.
so were going to delhi this evening.
yeah, you remember when she said, tell my sister i love her?
does that sound normal to you?
im gonna go help.  yeah, theyre gonna shoot you, too.
i dont believe this.
still trying to prove me wrong, arent you?
you dont care for your father.
he didnt put it in the safe.
throw gold into fire it glows brighter and becomes purer
im finding paranoia keeps me alive.
the day i lost my hair. is this going somewhere?
stay tuned for more of the comedy marathon following these messages.
you did good.
i can do this.
gp rajan companies is familiar name here.
we were playing badminton, and i knew i was gonna have to walk past a bunch of the other students to, you know, get back to the locker room.
you dont worry about coloring inside the lines, you know?
the usual, dogs, cats, horses, guinea pigs, rats.
what the hell is that beast still doing on d16?
looks like someone might be rolling.
ill fire off my rocket.
there goes the girl who stole my heart.
all right. i dont know any combination.
the question is, dory, are you hungry?
cobb cant build anymore, can he?
burn him in hell..
after his death, his wife, my sister who was pregnant then lived with me.
is he the reason youre acting like this?
if you think im bluffing, need i remind you of how your daughter looked as she bled out.
will you be okay?
look, you gotta put that thing on the market.
yes, i remember him.
you cant do this.
spare him and arrest him.
you need proof.
youre my superior officer, omar  for now.
its almost noon. is everything ready?
all right. enjoy.
dont ever play cards with pompidou.
are you the tim giles that represented lincoln burrows?
everything is fine here!
were heading east towards the portal.
did i.. did i say a joke?
that right there?
you got an address on this guy?
it got away from you? its a train, dewey.
yes, im waiting for someone as well.
well come back for them later.
there are a few procedures to follow if you decide to keep david.
you two run away fantastically.
god, im so sorry.
come on, penny.  push harder! push!
were still friends.
guys, this isnt just a bear.
i hear you have a new exhibition.
you have family connections, i believe.
drowning sounds like a... much gentler way to go...
a tiara made of burrs?
im putting this whole fucking town in my rearview.
let go of me! stop!
im in the kitchen.
now i even told the name correctly.
i said, are you being a smartass?
together, all over..
your presence drives me crazy i cant think straight
crazy son of a bitch is going for it!
so, friction should stop the damn thing after a few miles.
he says not.
oh, all right. thats why you wont marry me.
i thought the helicopter was with you.
well, wheres whitney?
will he be able to return to the force?
we need our own space, and mom and dad agree.
aare, kammos marriage has been fixed and tat too..without any dowry!
string them up!
all the bees in the state are taking a cue from her.
everyone talks about nonviolence..
ms. roma kapoor.
the ocean is not gonna take your gold card.
ill pray here and will perform that ritual in the basement of that house.
smack him, margaret!
feel under the dash.
they wouldve died if you werent with me.
priya, give the phone to him.
well get down at the next station and well go to bombay.
..and you want to go dive in a bucket?
the team needs someone who understands what youre struggling with.
now, that i was not expecting.
i told him that youre his grandmother, that youll take care of him while im gone and that ill be back soon.
you can lead a blonde to water, but you cant make her drink.
im so sorry.
no, ive seen enough.
get them out of their homes!
in four years, every time you dance,
you know, maybe you can go door to door, class to class.
now ive seen the bonus structure, rewarding their executives while letting their customers go bankrupt, huh?
don seenus power punch is 100.
and thats why youre breathing bacteria free air.
offering prayers as priest, silently killing men, were you planning to fool us?
start with that friend of his.
not in a month!
this grid has names of animals hidden in it.
dont be afraid, charlie is there.
yeah. youre honest, people trust you. and you have this innate sense of justice.
are you insane?
i cant imprint.  it has nothing to do with imprinting.
only we two are in this house.
why does the burro go home?
his dirt bag brother too.
he was working for charles widmore.
greetings naik sir.
did i thank you for that rescue yet?
seventy hours is what youve got.
and when was the last time you took a shower?
what name did you tell him?
you have a lot of explaining to do.
agent farnsworth is running scenarios.
its my child.
youve been good to me.
unfortunately,eloise,my relationship with penelope is one of the things i had to sacrifice.
30 years from now, that boys gonna be a man that locks me in a cage because he needs surgery.
i was so ready to get out... so ready to taste that ocean...
crying i was.
we couldnt go to the island. it disappeared.
i dont know what youre doing, but the last thing
and then dont turn till you walk 21 steps.
hey, hey, hey. look at me.
and im pregnant.
gonna fucking blow up your ass!
more and more tales about your former partner, yet for some reason you never want to tell me what bloody well happened.
one less christmas card ill have to send this year.
it costs five francs.
how would a blind man know a blind man is approaching?
that means you have to give me anything i want.
go to hell, go do ads! youve ruined it all.
i understand you dont want to talk about the crash, what happened to you.
perhaps if wed gotten to her earlier...
let me get that before you...
he was hoping those feelings might work to our mutual advantage.
i mean, its not much, but its, you know...
boss, most of washington might disagree.
townie crews aint what they used to be.
come back in an hour.
the moment flynn is on the grid, clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
this was the only way to go three layers deep.
i mean... is he cool with it?
rose, you could just be in remission.
youre not hiding, youre getting some air.
why do i get the feeling theres a string attached to this?
did my dad drop him off?
jesus christ, thats gotta be macray.
dont ever marry that fool, excuse me he is not a human, he is just a price tag, price tag hell embarrass you tellin all prices of different thing all your life, your life will be spoiled and your future will be finished,
i believe in monogamy. i will not be shared like a curry.
she didnt tell you.
i was wrong about you, scofield.
i needed to see if youd found a way to be true to yourself in spite of lionels efforts.
i hear the clicks on my phone, i see the cars out there on the street.
ya yaar, had to take two, four... two... four?
its toying with us.
from chandni chowk to...?
just making friends!
brothers normally challenge each other.
why are we friends?
come on, reese, were best friends. our moms are best friends.
give the phone back..
youll never pay me back.
look, its not like that. its an emergency.
i know your loss cant be fixed entirely with money, but i hope this helps.
tomorrow at 4 in the evening.
now, see, i want to take your money.
or you could wait.
okay. i feel it.
that sounds marginally near to an accusation.
the plan was to retire..
the cash is brought out and stacked 15 minutes before the van does the pickup.
hey, down in front, asshole.
no! i want you!
a pindaris hand is made of steel.
look, i know this seems harsh, but that fuselage in the sun
be careful..be careful turn on the light..turn on the light!
the purpose of this exercise is not to entertain us.
i thought you didnt like him.
now youre on your own.
if you came here to yell at me, lets just go back inside and get it over with.
we dont have a name for them.
well, i got news for you, fish.
and, let me tell you, thats when they get real interested.
do you regret that decision?
now you ought best ring alicia, or youll get me...
youve barely said a peep. what is going on?
immy. immy, wait.
uh, it was his... these were his wishes.
her charm could make seasons spring
can i help you?
ive been walking up and down this beach every day and looking out at this water, and i wanna do a cannonball.
come on, dad!
is that a bad thing?
look, man, im sorry. all right?
after all theres a limit to friendship isnt there?
its nothing special.
the last thing i need is another triggerhappy moron out there.
im sorry to tell you,daniel,but youre not going to have time for relationships.
nothing. just getting some air.
were not nuking the place. now, lets do it.
you got it.
im not, your honor.
that day was a miracle.
maybe youd like to share that with the governor?
..did he hurt your children?
im getting you out of here.
now and later... the really tasty treat...
so nice to meet you, margaret.
now, claw, kick, claw, kick...
you need gas?
why do they call you that?
trust me, im his look alike narasimhachari.
yeah. but look at that cat.
let everyone go, well get you help.
can you think of one?
our new commander, marcus flavius aquila.
you said these people were two days away.
let me have a gander at the source of the societal discontentment here.
sudheer, i am trapped in a grave problem.
we have to go now.
i know how to stop this for good.
i was about to call you and inform you..
theyre coming for all of you.
did you take care ofmother?
youre welcome to join us.
tier 2 north, clear count.
can you change your tracking frequency?
mrs. gandhi, im getting engaged to jatin..
good point. ill make a salad.
thats flight 815 leaving from gate 23.
yeah.  traveling in your third trimester,
so i thought thatll do the trick.
the one with the ugly hands.
this guy a fucking friend of yours?
excuse me, can i see your ticket?
actually, really good.
thats why you convince him to go through with it.
the president wants to meet you.
wherever she went, she had a good reason to leave here.
youre the one that asked for their names.
look, im here to warn you.
being an only child, no one else around.
everything will be better in the morning.
when i was bathing in the tub it was kept outside.
figured we dont got to be too formal.
its not stopping!
but three years ago i lost her forever because of my mistake.
i would offer to take down the sign, but we didnt get very far.
and a brothers!
sameer was a good son.
huh? where you at?
hey, i know what i saw.
he nudged me.
all right, thank you for a great class today, ladies.
i came back here because i was trying to save you.
he said, other things may change but we start and we end with family.
i guess we do what they want, and leave the bullshit for later.
omar salad, aidids top political advisor...
how does a vampire have lycan bodyguards?
make up for yesterday.
sir design is ready sir!
you were never even in the ocean.
youve got my vote.
where the hell you been, hugo?
daddy, i am.
job well done.
have you heard about narad muni?
i thought you loved me so much.
romanced my momma to get to the money.
not to mention his injuries...
good. who was your shuttle driver?
of course it didnt help a whole lot that those people arrive in limos...
drive shaft! drive shaft! drive shaft!
down your guns.
lets eat something before that.
honey, im just trying to give you some advice and a few things that i learned in this life.
getting to finally tell randy off was... uh...
you are a very... very beautiful woman.  feel it deep, feel it low.
throw me a gun!
you want to hear the part about me nearly being killed by the flaming fire ball or the flying fork?
..and you arent telling me about it.
im coming. im coming. im coming.
in that dark night, the spirits power will start to get weak.
is that why you wanna kill yourself, michael?
bust your head!
would you care for a drink?
i got you guys something.
if thats so, then even i cant help you..
father, because they only know how to divide us.
what makes you think hes gonna listen to you?
im not asking you to go.
ascendo tuun. do you know what you just said to me?
every family goes through rough times.
youre too kind, mr gray.
i scolded them, i never slapped them also.
andrew, honey, is everything ok?
hey, its okay, man.
who wanted terrence steadman dead?
i went to visit the cullens, but the house is empty.
and you get to lay there every night and listen to him doing your mom right there in your daddys old bedroom.
those chicks got paid vacations too.
what happened to you?
please let me carry your bag.
you closed it.
i just got this really prestigious internship and im not gonna make any money for a while but im gonna be working like 16 hours a day.
you go too far, miraz.
he said he wants to catch up with you.
so youve been here a week.
fortunately for us, while our quarry has shadow and night as his ally, we have something far greater
this is all because ofyou.
im coming in here!
whats that stuff?
what this new rubbish!
youll ruin all our lives with your amulets nonsense!
alan, youre acting like im gonna find him sitting there working.
i think the plane crash might have been my fault.
youre not my nina right now...
well, it doesnt matter.
im sorry. the hospital cant release any information to a nonfamily member without a court order.
but why did you do this?
i stole her as a baby from an insane woman.
i missed you too.
maybe it has something to do with this.
hello. hi, dad.
police were overrun.
l dont know what to do.
just in time, cause this brace is really starting to make my leg really stiff.
i think you should tell aman now...
i mean, we dont even know his name.
why dont you head back with everyone else and...  ill be right behind you?
it means you try to sell what doesnt sell.
can you take me to them?
is he talking about sayid?
cycles that raced on ribbons of light.
now give me my bloody drugs.
yeah, im driv...
did you see how fast the scene changes?
no fan mail, just a bunch of old news clippings from the smallville ledger.
..think of it as your own house.
we still have some.
thats the second time thats happened to me.
who is he? what does he say he said he came on a boat.
i need cover fire. over.
i coughed up a whole tribe of pygmies.
i kept snapping the guitar strings. i think earl got sick of replacing them.
act your race, milk chicken.
watch the way she moves.
nothing like sore feet to take your mind off your head, eh?
soon as we do, well let you know.
shut up, rizu.
like it or not, its our best option at this stage.
i havent said yes yet.
you want to keep second guessing me?
wheres your mummy?  in kitchen.
i dont know which language you speak, thats why.
we need body paint, condoms.
nothing else matters.
yeah, wouldnt want it to spoil.
dont say anything to son or else hell jump from the terrace!
michael,even with my clearence,
ill finish this.
mr. ravi was many years older than anushka.
anyway, naturally, margaret thought...
good thing im a saver, not a spender.
so, you think shes girl for me?
pee on my foot. ill lose...
we have got five days...
im just glad you werent welding.
what is it?
damage avoidance system. das.
you dont happen to recall the year it was in which you last visited? the year?
its a drill somebody left behind.
kyle, what are you doing here?
youre marrying him?
hes my soninlaw.
theyll give us the numbers.
har har, very funny.
anjali i will be very angry if you dont!
muttering    chavez there you are.
just like that bear.
stare into the light. technician pulse 88, regular.
i was on a solo race around the world, and my boat crashed into the reef and kelvin came.
billy,what do you got?
yeah, i do, and you come near me again, im gonna kill you.
shows over, ramona.
i still want to talk to the captain.
at least we dont have to worry about running out anytime soon.
as a matter of fact, yes, they did.
were levelling santa monica, sir?
are you selling the movie theater as well?
you cant protect me from everything.
but hes wrong.
well find you someone to drink.
boss, the shot is ready.
besides, i want to enjoy all the quaint smallville high customs while i still can.
does that make me crazy?
shes not my daughter.
its tacky, but it makes my aunt happy.
but he knows everything!
he was probably just being modest, dear.
falzones envelope is the only reason i come through that fence every day.
look, after those people died, you were in a practically catatonic state.
you wouldnt happen to have a towel, would you?
that games stupid. hes right in here.
why would you say you are losing your mind?
bella, were not killing anyone.
what will he think?
who the hell youre talking about.
lts just you, me and a lot of solitude.
sir, the jetways closed.
stop making a scene shreya!
shut up! ill fix your position as per your talent.
down the corridor to the left.
good night, sweetheart.
come on. just hide!
whos the maniac driving the car?
we shouldnt have lied.
but this is the best house ever.
oh, yes, that picture.
hopefully deep enough that, when you fall, youll break your fucking neck.
it was down here all along.
i can defeat you!
i love you so much.
thats it. just a little further.
you were worried about us?
yeah, it wasnt my favorite part either.
what are you talking about, dude?
make sure security is behind us until we get these in the room safe.
i havent told anyone, clark.
ill drive you to the train station first thing in the morning. i promise.
in a cab?
his mom made him play with me.
papa...theyve all gone mad!
easy, peasy, japanesey.
well, find the damn frog by yourself.
done for the day.
take my photograph...
and you didnt do anything?
i am stuck!
like that young fellow out there named vector.
will you hold this, please?
the power transformer is blown.
what our story needs is an ironic, unexpected event that will propel the hero into conflict!
woman youll thank me for this one day.
someones creating an army.
and then suddenly blood drops fell on my shoulder from the roof.
we have already hired him.
arun, enough with the suspense.
come in my dreams and steal my sleep, damsel.
get ready, man. get ready. its serious.
you are taking me with you!
hooray. everythings back to normal.
so these replacements...
whats a golden orchid?
im glad it worked out.
you wanna speak to theresa?
being told not to come along.
but we have to!
all right, then. youre hallucinating.
bite the head off first?
kate sees a horse, nothing.
up that way north toward oswego.
wheres he hit?
only you could have dented this car.
here talk to her.
ive a doubt he could be that man...
open the door, nina!
martha. what a surprise.
thats when i accept my role as the avatar.
so, what are you doing all the way out here, john?
im not gonna tell you again.
it means you should let me worry about it.
youre out of business.
well, that would be silly.
my name is iroh, and you have my word.
why isnt she here then?
where are you going?
we were close once, alexander, you were like a son to me.
hows that feel, mate?
did you know the buffalo ant can lift 30 times its own body weight?
it would have been 20, but the car you were in was stolen.
lets see the principal.
do me a favour i dont do favours
we dont just need a thief.
one, two, three..
is that why you saved my life?
why do you think you had to get drunk to talk to my father?
so, what are you two selling today?
its kind like it doesnt it doesnt scatter quite right.
can you say pee?
thats your right leg. whats with your left?
mr. porter asked me to give you that.
i got to go.
not without cause.
i know what they mean now.
farmer will probably write your ass up for it too.
whats gonna happen?
put them down!
except, weve got a bad plumbing problem in 3825.
he just said a small lie.
i need just something to get started.
now im competition.
dr. shephard? may i have a word, please?
we know youre going to enjoy it.
you dont have anything to be sorry for.
a spec ops team went into the jungle.
a man is measured by the quality of his friends.
and maybe they never will be.
but the dreams collapsing.
how dare you?
to find their whereabouts..
what the hell are they talking about in there anyway?
who you talking to?
i cant help you in this matter.
no sign of the intruder.
it wasnt locke.
whatever plan you have for william is futile, you cannot control him
they steal our ready crops, and flee into the snow regions.
youre on an oceanic flight to la. it leaves in two hours.
l have to go to the restroom.  youre free to move about the cabin.
got brandnew wheels to show for it, too.
roger that. second team inbound. your station.
one of mrs. kents beautiful irises. for a beautiful lady.
the fat guy likes to eat.
the star chamber.
we could be here until the second coming waiting for billy to get out of this bed.
we could cut off all his limbs
you dont ever let me see you again.
... butifidid , i dont think youd sleep so well.
idiot, are you saying thank u to a friend....?
why would he burn the raft?
its hard to tell exactly, bernard.
how do we get a lockdown?
the weight of this thing pack a parachute at least.
i want you to compile a list of names...
and here she is, the future mrs. jack shephard.
if you try anything stupid, even if you think a stupid thought your disk is going to be uploaded to the internet for all the world and big daddy lionel to see.
are you worried about me?
eloise hawking? you sure? yeah, yeah.
how can anybody want to hurt you?
howd you get shot anyway?
i wasnt aware we were in session.
you were scratching all night.
well, youre gonna get married anyway, so why dont you get married here where we can be all together, and that way grandma annie can be a part of it.
i love europe. everyone speaks english.
come give your daddy a hug.
ill look you up next time im in sydney, okay.
yes, hugo, i was standing right where you are now when i pulled the trigger.
you want a statement?
youre so small yet terrorising the city.
the investigation from here.
you heard we might be mobilising?
..that if i dont try to find him one last time..
here, take your money!
cant. they know about utah.
you have two days.
then do it immediately.
see you in an hour.
it will give all firebenders the ability of the highest firebenders, the ability to use their own chi to create fire.
hey.. hi chatur ranchhodas chhanchad..... namaste masterji where have u reached?
i was warming up.
well, welcome home.
so, what does god have to do to get your attention?
thats why she is buttering us...
rule of thumb with a deadfall is you set the weight five times that of the target animal.
how would you know about that?
im doing so many estate sales in metropolis, im thinking of selling the place.
is that my phone?
elvis has left the building!
he hit the car!
you want me to be naked?
are you from london times?
the manner it has of using polyphrases and metaphors instead of literal meaning.
zip it. im heading back to the beach.
tell me im dreamin.
he likes me in sneaks.
that too youd studied in english, right?
you can go.
dynamite. at the black rock.
jeez, man, he looks bad. what the hell happened?
you dont actually think they spend 20,000 on a hammer,
let your emotions flow like water.
youre wrong. i have to help him.
to get the alternate will?
thought you might need that, boss.
if im goin out, im taking them with me.
can you get her?
hey, dont knock my fan base.  heh, god.
you know the drill.
this feels like honey.
shut it, ginger, or youre get one too.
im sorry. this is usually chloes territory.
you have no right to look so beautiful.
everybody, clear on out!
if you want to keep it, give it to your wife.
these 4 bodies perpetrated many crimes when alive.
two candidates attacked in a week.
projections of my subconscious.
youre raising an army.
is that a hot weapon?
did you get the job today?
what... happened... to... the... doctor?
clark kent is a football player, and lana lang is a waitress.
i just needed a change.
did jack...?  jack tried to dope me.
he resurfaced again in hyderabad. im scared about his life.
take his shit!
a bear, maybe? or an alien.
i love you, dad.
when i look at you, all i see is the white swan.
sawyers just doing his job, jack.
now i demand a place on that bus.
drop it, phil, or youre a dead man! tell em to put their guns down.
ooh, that was powerful.
you look green.
no one seems exactly clear on what their plans are, should they catch up to that train. its dad.
do you really think if you get general aidid...
this is your problem, not mine.
we triggered a dead mans trap.
then hes useless.
jim already knows about this, but im gonna bring you into the circle of trust.
theres been a hitch.
hey sandrat, im talking to you.
by the way what does he do in lucknow?
the work your father is doing here, history in the making.
he saw me stop the bus last night.
i dont think ive ever seen someone so scared in my life.
can you hear me?
i prefer to believe in people.
dont you think this justin thing is moving a little too fast?
all you have to do is be on that plane.
we need to get off the beach.
im actually thinking of asking lex if i can borrow his.
how about our two delivery boys?
he wanted some place that was completely off the grid.
at the funeral, you said your leg was injured.
how come youre here?
if you were any braver, youd be a lioness.
tell us a joke.  yeah.  yeah.
nina, are you okay?
whered he hide it?
where have you arranged my stay?
your idea has changed my life.
because you dont know them, and you dont know me, okay?
dude, the american.
okay, but i want it to be something unique.
you are confirmed for seat 20g.
ill clean it within 2minutes sir!
kate,sawyers gonna find out bens gone,and when he does,
what did i tell you?
where did the freezer come from, huh?
yes, we are.
what did you tell him?
if you are one of us...
dont open that thing.
you did a really nice job.
oh, yeah, joining the football team and pouring some coffee.
to try would be to fail.
hey, you see that?
one life ends...
edward, i want you to be the one to do it.
before this trip ends, hell come and stick to me.
then she came along, and she started making wholesale changes.
much of our forefathers blood was shed to exterminate this vermin.
i said north, north!
hes just trying to show off before us.
dont away from me getting cross forgetting the love.
who are you so angry on?
hey kelly baby.
nat, his friend is wearing a snuggie with a bolo tie.
well... it looks like we got something in common after all.
did you break through the back door?
mom, i love you.
he gave me life when i was a child.
you cant keep putting your life on hold because of lana.
look. im sorry i was angry.
my ex, probably phone to ruin a happy mothers day
list of the jurors that worked on harrys trial.
a highschool boyfriend isnt a husband, hes an obstacle.
..he wouldve been your brother as well.
i guess they were afraid to tell you what happened to me till i could talk to you myself.
will you be my life partner.
i dont want you to think im choosing this over family.
ive seen this face for the first time.
it would take five weeks.
no, not yet.
now i know where to find you.
im a professional.
waters this way.
i need you to believe in me!
sometimes theyre about mutual goals. not every girl is lana lang.
youre like bier in dhoti.
will you tell me why weve come this far up?
i dont know about his gang..
am i speaking to benjamin linus?
i will hunt you down and destroy you.
what are you gonna do about it?
your sister... germany...
and remember, within all of us resides the true spirit of the...
something happened to me after the accident and when i was in the hospital i found that i could move things.
shes waiting for me.
i could give it up for the right guy.
realities are bearing down.
the first wish is over.
cant get my homework done, i cant train.
ive gotta go to metropolis for a few days or im going to lose this client.
my director said youd be coming.
she was raised in bromsgrove, did her undergraduate studies at kent, took her phd in cultural anthropology at oxford.
..has severely hit the southern coast.
i figure its like field stripping a weapon, repetition, repetition...
youre the terrorist. well all play a part!
you want to protect your prison rep, or you want to get out of here? what the hells going on in here?
hey stop the car...
i dont like the guards on the next thing, all right?
oh man, security.
i saw a new beginning.
my father is gone.
you met him for the first time today.
i dont know what youre talking about.
he was killed in an accident.
youll have to forgive my boy.
she covered for us, and she fixed this.
im not eating that.
if i can explain...
lucy, are you awake?
so, that thing  the, uh... monster, whatever
and of course youll need transport to cross the sea of simulation.
very big deal.
how old are sea turtles?
mr. mishra is ready to get his shakuntala..
at times, hell go on buying tickets.
wont you, russ?
what do you mean, warned?
let him go.
one died of radiation poisoning.
he was gonna kill me.
..treat me with a nice cup of coffee and repay it.
this is all your fault!
i heard that.
always the hopeless romantic, lex.
what do you want me to do,get out?
walls tumbling..rocks crumbing..
jenny, can i say something if you dont mind?
you know how they say everyone in life has a double? i had to look twice.
all right, brother.
not freaking out.
this plot is highly predictable.
aros decisions are being watched.
you have proved that you are not mine.
what can i do for ya?
he must be molting. you guys better come in here.
but with time..
what happened to joachim?
sheriff rango is right.
were gonna go look for some firewood.
so mr. vishal, which gun do you keep?
you come to town and suddenly youre clarks new best friend!
but everyone answers to someone, and the leader answers to jacob.
im coming up to get ya.
and its fat ass by a nose!
by the way that should have been my line... go now.
and no, im not.
theyre headed straight for us.
big brother... ,at your service,
what are you discussing about me?
work, tv, chicken.
your job is to do what i tell you to.
his body is trying to push them out.
you dont know what it was like.
i love these. i like how they oh!
this is gonna hurt.
money is money.
theres heat and light and a couch with a tv.
you also made her really proud, clark.
congratulations. youre now an idiot in two languages..
a science team armed with rifles.
well, gosh. i didnt think you had the stones to come after me.
tanis has been hiding there since viktors order
the jew corrupted us through bad books.
i am talking to you.
over there a couple hundred yards in or so.
and i will be the greatest villain of all time!
but i come back and find my stuffs gone,
hell kill them all without thinking twice.
but yet the heart beats faster for that someone
and ill score major points.
dude, what is this place?
did you know this?
the bad news is, its ironclad, meaning itll take a dozen extra lawyers.
sorry, dude. lots of names and faces.
kelly, come closer.
youre coming home after the luncheon?
what are you saying?
why dont you take a seat, relax?
and if i mess up, theyll crucify me.
rock the world, friends!
ill be fine, thanks.
hey, wait, wait, wait.
i could protect you if you change me.
the next year, rickman started his own company, and kyle went walden.
u see sir!
whats the matter, boy?
broth made from a sloth... or savored to souffl!
emergency hangar doors open.
by the way, can i say another sweet thing?
then you will live with us.
how old is he?
im so sorry.
im still my own ogre!  yeah, you is!
but thats signal to signal.
no man worse than me
mary, listen to me.
when were done in here, we need to make sure to safeproof the bedroom next.
i love you, james.  no.
as love gets into the system with eyes,
bombay group which is after him already.
the fbi got involved after the first three deaths when local authorities failed to turn up any evidence.
theyre gone, and there aint nothin you can do to change that.
you know, they either geld a horse with a knife or with the chemicals.
this meeting is over.
hes your son?
now, what do you say?
do not be fooled by the artistry of this creation.
i became an anthropologist to find this island again.
you could save us some legwork by communicating with us now.
you did not know, how could i?
enjoy your round. dont worry about the wager.
there was a man named desmond living down in it.
just help me up, son.
today the president elect visits flood inflicted georgia state.
can i get anyone a drink?
most men are from mars, but youre from a distant galaxy ive never heard of.
tulips. red ones, if you have them.
i think youve been alone for too long.
i was starting to.
its just weird, after all that time you spent trying to get back here.
and wheres the tape?
i just... thought you looked sad.
i never needed to ask for anyones permission before.
almost all of his sons childhood.
his answer was simple
you have two daughters.
and i appreciate that, um... but, officer bellick, you and i both know that its illegal to deny a prisoner medical care, and you could lose your job over it.
they stole a van and took off.
the plane was loaded with heroin.
no, its actually quite pleasant.
you gave two bottles to the koreans.
couple of days later, were at the fair in kalgoorlie, and some wally theres got this jar.
can you help me gather supplies?
he went into that compound alone and killed 10 insurgents.
people are gonna see you in a whole new light.
what do you want me to do?
i give you that information, im a dead man.
i killed benjamin linus, and were all still here.
would it matter if i said yes?
if we can just...
are you sure about that?
what are you so worried about?
well, how about this?
youll pretend to be sanjay singhania.
jack, why did you call me today?
i mean, that girls face just
step back to allow the doors to close.
gearin up for another sleepless night with a comedy marathon.
i know youre there.
sun. i need some help with this baby.
three sleepy kittens!
i dont want to meet them...
i bought you your own body slave.
the golden ticket.
my grandpa, tito. hes worked three jobs for... how longs it been, abuelito?
aria and hanna.
so im new here, dr. chang.
well, its not like you broke any state laws or anything, but i am.
our majors son, hell stay with us.
nah, screw that. you guys stay. theres a path right here.
its life, john.
thats a nice story, jack.
hes not, okay?
there is only one way to defeat him
once we got em off, we learned a great deal about their anatomy.
you could have called.
this boy doesnt deserve to be with us.
you are doing fine, sweetheart!
get on with it.
i said climb in the fucking cab and take a look around.
well, if its not gonna come to us, then...
well, for everyones sake, i hope youre right.
we dont have time for this.
a good man has to die.
no, and its very lovely to meet you both.
let me get a pen, write it down.
so, you gonna die out here, or you want a ride into town?
what the hell are you people doing?
for now. sun, we need to sterilize these.
then i suppose the hunt is on for both of us.
well, thats good, cause you got a few questions to answer and ive got my own protocol.
were here to find the eagle.
sharks aint getting anywhere near us, man.
james, stop come on and help me!
and i know whats been going on since then.
he said he was kidnapped by this kid who was obsessed with his old case.
i know its not true.
this is crazy!
how weird was that lunch?
something tells me people have a lot of questions about our houseguest.
i know you feel bad. i do too.
it was a memory.
do you know where youre going?
im gonna remember this.
so our lives, our interests just went in different directions.
how are you?
i never met her.
clyde mardons dead.
uh, i mean, thank you for your feedback.
thank you, but no.
is that true what you said about hemingway?
his first night in the joint, dufresne cost me two packs of cigarettes.
he calls it my fortress of solitude.
so, why would he take us all out and then only settle for the cash from the 04 job?
we cant be the only ones.
you always knew it was disposable.
you cant understand its value.
in case of a family emergency, you can grant an inmate supervised leave.
theyll know were coming.
well, what is it for?
maybe i shouldve used half a dropper.
now, where would you get an idea like that?
i will feed you stories. you will print them.
itll be... dazzling.
can you hear me? go easy now.
why are you staring at him?
its not where oswego is.
how do we know he is not leading us to our death?
whats this, locke?
the reason i asked you to come over is...
bits and pieces here and there.
your father told you stories about narnia?
i know shes in love with you.
theres so much i havent told you.
thud of switch what is this place?
i wonder what rickman said to convince your father.
what, you didnt know?
yes. ill get it. lets go.
whats her favorite color when shes not at home?
any skinnies come around these corners, you watch our backs.
oh, you really have captured something quite exquisite, basil.
how did pooja die?
john, open the door,
appropriations committee voted an annual payment of 500 just to shut him up.
then everything went black.
the only one still living who has seen its location
ask veer, did he win over the princess or not?
no, youre done here.
this is phelans game, and he will play your fear and your anger.
i mustve left them at... at the house.
its very important, okay?
we were just up on a ridge where we could look down into the swan site.
or you have dissociative identity disorder,
can you take me to bombay?
ben has something to do first.
stand like this when your father comes tomorrow.
i think you were fired.
you better not get used to this.
that is lobster with mayonnaise.
besides needing to be an impartial member of the fourth estate, im doing my bee story.
hey, come back!
what should i do there?
fire? you already did.
hows that for a metaphysical paradox?
he never checked out with you?
actually, two presents.
you going to kill me?
earl, there is no level 3. its all in your head.
about as much as there is to know.
warden, better do everything you can to hold on to this one.
if we can get to the infirmary, then we can get out of here.
he must still be outside somewhere, maam.
you explain to me why kate gets the best pieces of wreckage for her shelter?
this is our life now.
youve been checking up on me.
cant seem to convince anybody to do anything today.
feeling shy to speak in hindi hanh?
i always know.
im waiting for you to leave.
if you hadnt she would have locked herself in the bathroom...
they were river rafting and didnt come back.
none of its real.
the days are starting to blur together.
for them love is a game.
hit me in the face.
its me machiraju! ls it midnight to you at 10 am?
but im scared as you might play any prank on me.
look, bella, im sorry about, you know, the kiss and your hand.
kitt,are you okay?
because hes crazy, kate,
oh, nobody actually comes to see ballet full stop.
is it because youre afraid?
hey, listen. i like that old man.
we are trying our best, vishal.
how long can he run from bad luck?
hes in paris...
yes, he does. an ugly girl! youre funny!
well, here i am.
greg, whats going on?
im sorry, mr. sperling, do you have something to add to the discussion,
maybe its about me watching them live.
why did you come after me?
dont you want my phone number?
she has charmed my heart with her beauty, angel,shes an angel, ls my life enough to see her beautiful face?
were we saying that?
he was like family.
sounds good to us.
and like it or not, whatever sayid has to do behind that door, thats a part of it, too.
you want to know what kind of charade?
lets get him into the er.
here we go.
who found guns? ilana and three of the others.
but then the sickness came.
this is the last one.
so what do you do for a living?
id like a... a moment alone with kate.
let mama rest...
its gonna take a little more than digging a few holes.
i wanted you to have something.
right this way.
shughart and gordon again request permission...
most parents would be happy if their son could be the star of the football team.
weve checked his credit card numbers from the club, car license... everything.
dont worry about her.
no, actually i like the pixies.
believe my love today.
i think its better to call him.
but still we...
you can have them.
ive been waiting for this my whole life.
we are not following you, we are waiting for a purpose here.
natures already taken its course.
great care must be taken to avoid leaving inorganic materials inside the chamber.
i know what this is about.
okay. check this out. this is track two.
im not really interested, but..
where were you?
and yet you have the audacity to ask the bank for money?
youre a dead man!
how do they say it?
he became very attuned to all the suffering around him.
you figure out what was up ray soamess nose yet?
nothing at all.
whoever he is, wherever he comes from, were on ethans turf.
it was them.
tell me where i can find the blue fairy.
you came to see me in the cabin.
get on the fucking ground.
accept to yourself, isabelle that everybody loves you.
i saw meteor rocks in that pond.
aye, of course you werent.
ill take care of it.
im sick and tired...
the new needs friends.
for what its worth, i really like what youve done with the paper this year.
this old girlfriend of his... whats her name?
his dads really worried about him.
you did what you were trained to do.
ill tell her.
you know, maybe they give you those things for a reason.
but where is the trouble brought?
theres a reason im giving you more and more responsibility.
well, you said you had feelings for her.
the arrival of the aliens has caused over 10,000 fender benders in just a few seconds.
you heard the man, little dogie.
strucketh by cupid.
im sorry. dont forget to buckle up. whats this prisoner doing out of his cell?
i havent seen one of those since i was a webelos.
they made enemies!
come on, clark, cough up.
background is fantastic, lets shoot here.
here we go!
it was nothing.
we gotta get you up, all right?
step away from the boat.
they sent the dogs in, just like you would if you were stalking boar or shooting quail.
where would that old thing happen to be?
and i didnt do it.
and i would have presented you with a ring.
you know who you are, and you go for it.
uncle, happy wants people to be healthy and happy.
look, i, uh... i hate to hold my hand out, but i seem to have misplaced my wallet.
you act as if you didnt know.
lock it down.
how are you getting home?
using those magic numbers of yours as a psychout, arent you, man?
no, thanks. im not hungry.
if i say no, you wont take it badly?
i dont know about that.
yes, you did.
i know what my ad says, mr. gray, but...  please.
if the swan is where we came from, then we go that way.
i have an audition today and its a very important day for me.
you have to come to us.
exactly. id like to see somebody else order that many cookies. not likely.
could you tell me where james lafleur lives?
i dont wanna kill myself.
its highly dangerous.
a man, the man who told me to move the island, the man who told me how to bring you all back, he said to tell his son hello.
when i say, hey, mama.
sometimes they work...
get off my car.
let me check all his vitals, lets go.
there are dead bodies! of course theyre on a stakeout.
you mean tried to cut her open.
take my desk!
clear the aisle.
when i stopped the car at the signal..
ow, youre on my hair.
theres someone else out there.
i gotta call 911.
i do my homework.
what if i told you the plane was a fake?
hey, i tell you what, why not have the picnic here?
why that exclusive facility to me?
a way off the island.
so, you lads ready?  were ready.
how risky it may be!
dont you get tired of cheese?
you embarrassed me.
ignore him, hes an idiot.
at that moment, when i give the order,
listen up. were closing early, so coffees on the house. drink up.
what about him?
you know, i remember the first time i met her.
i dont think this is a regulation race, buddy.
um... well have the next drink on the plane, okay?
im sorry. arent you the girl who skinned her knee in 7th grade...
why so many twists?
this bashful beauty is my mom, carmen.
its about bunnies.
my dad dreamt of turning the enterprise into indias largest cellphone company.
can i have a flashlight?
been coming here for days, but you were never here.
mourn your loss. get on with your life.
no more warnings.
you dont have a wife.
maybe its time the public knew the whole truth about bob rickman.
i dont accept that.
that will cause the train to flip over on its righthand side.
you think of a name yet?
do you see what i see?
youre gonna need to tell him that he has to bring everyone who left back to the island.
please forgive my intrusion at this late hour.
she has to be close by.
and mind is controlled by someone else.
you look good.
i will trickle my digust into them... like burning acid... until... finally... you perish.
a solo sailing race around the world?
any one of them makes a threatening move, put a hole in em.
fear becomes paranoia, paranoia ultimately psychosis.
your babys fine. hes kicking.
ok? trust me.
im chasing something.
i was right next to him.
hold on, charlie. hold on there.
i found these in the wreckage, and i have no use for them personally.
the man who killed my men has killed your men too.
no need to do that.
daniel,the real oceanic flight 815 crashed on an island a special island with unique scientific properties.
you go out the door, ill drop to the floor.
i never voted democrat.
my ankle. my ankle.
facetoface works pretty good.
if this news is leaked, youll lose the election.
he must be heading out of town.
thats right, gentlemen. nine cars!
youre going to jack.
only then will you be free from that curse.
it wont help you find her.
if he is out there, you bring him in.
i want you to concentrate on russell.
um,i checked in two doors down.
the problem that you left on the board.... ...i solved it.
were on the same plane, jack.
its not fair, me being stuck over here on my own, while youre over there, playing with friends all day.
are you gonna talk to me, or are you just gonna sit there?
i take comfort knowing someday this is all gonna be a real nice shopping complex.
they think im crazy.
youre calling all the night to disturb our sleep.
thank you so much, ella.
in other words, more time on each level.
they say he can get anyone anywhere.
sorry, buddy. im going to have to take this.
taking my place at the top of everyones most hated list.
no, i mean  no. that came out wrong.
i keep coming back to this ninth grade shaft.
well, i dont think its quite that black and white...
l doubt theyll kick up any fuss, not for an old crook like me.
unusual for a man of his predictable nature.
i mean, i think about you, like, a lot, all the time.
youll get, madam.  why do you want to sell it?
unless im mistaken, i remember you saying you were a drug addict.
my little brother and sister.
danny, hold on. i no longer have the best view of your route.
listen, clark. you cant let some old lady scare you with a halfbaked prediction.
well, i found a signal hidden inside our own satellite system.
and i knew you could see me in the arms of all these men...
remember, when everyone is shooting, shoot in the same direction.
ive been going over my retirement plans recently, and it got me thinking.
its possible, yeah.  good.
why dont you come sit with us?
about a month ago.
howd you get through the gate?
im afraid i have an engagement.
im fully recovered.
yeah, i heard about it.
then the longer we have before the projections catch us?
what difference would it make..
mr gray i believe i know your secret.
maids day off.
whats paining you to shop with our money?
wheni waslyingthereintheva hospital withabig hole blown through the middle of my life, i startedhavingthesedreamsofflying .
youre wasting your time. theyre coming.
youre raising a hell.
i wouldnt have taken you for a religious man.
be my guest, but im telling you, man, he is not gonna talk.
70 in vodka,
i dont believe a woman should be given anything she cant wear at night.
you were going to kill yourself and your papa...
ok, a long con. how does it work?
why should i believe you now?
you wont understand.
i would really like to say its unanimous.
because they dont believe me.
how many of you are there?
theres a boy in the cage.
barely a scratch.
we would be delighted to utilize your skills.
no, i was... pregnant before i met him.
we gotta find some cigars.
so picking through my brains okay, but letting me into yours, forget it.
i showed em where the boats were, and sun thanked me by smashing me on the head with a paddle. oh.
try not to move, man.
the way that thing moved, it had to be a ship.
whats the right thing to do now, michael? i dont know.
or blow up the computer?
whoever we meet, let me do the talking.
come on, hugo, listen to yourself. the numbers are cursed.
you heard the scary vulture..
nothing in personnel. what about you, baker?
what was my fault?
okay, we better get going.
it makes you look weak.
first opening is three months.
no, i guess theres not.
hope they step on a sea urchin.
if he has the luggage, he has the inhalers.
you cantjust run off like that.
locke he went after claire.
hey! let us out of here!
he never saw you, huh?
hey, looks like smallville won again.
he wont get away!
all this talk of that serpentine devil is putting my quills on edge!
they must have changed it since the retrofit.
wow. fullon yellow vest rookie.
what can i say?
how about a lovely lady that ive used before?
thats all right, chum. i had a feeling this would be a difficult step.
well you see my scientist...
you remember this?
whats your number?
hes a man, not a boar.
oh. finally found me, huh, big dog?
there was a pair of gardening shears left on the floor of the shed.
i believe that little boy might be the avatar.
faking the recovery of a plane crash?
im comfortable that way.
we lost him!
over or under?
all right, last chance.
like i said, you havent lost your touch.
relax. theyre occupied.
learn to close my eyes.
generally thought of as the best analyst in the violent crime section.
why would he talk to you?
so maybe the best thing to do... is nothing?
but now i never felt this before.
what are we gonna do about a?
he was exiled over 300 years ago 300 years?
and we royals have a protocol.
i didnt mean to jump you.
why do you know so much about the president?
this is the black book.
actually, something a little more difficult first.
you never know.
no, were just wrapping things up, thanks.
i should have never said never!
if you could ask them a question, what would you ask?
listen to me!
let me tell you something, my friend.
im not taking it lightly.
you heard from him?
crazy old fool damn near cut my throat!
yes, very loud.
thats never stopped you before.
why the hell wasnt i told about this place?
i must keep seenu under my control before the tour begins.
i just want this to be over.
what about whitney?
none of this will have happened.
you sound surprised.
i thought maybe i could...
it was clu. clu sent that page.
my friends, my friends!
bless us o lord and these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thy bounty through christ our lord.
she goes, ramona, thats not a word.
yeah, but did you mean it?
i told you, its out of bounds.
alicia you almost ready?
see these pipes?
what do you think they are trained for?
bye, jack. we have to go back, kate.
then lets take it out before it takes us out.
youre not less than a hero.
do i look like i care what he says?
not that medicine. this one!
we have a big recital coming up.
what made you come up here?
next to the pond... blue...
chasing after what was right in front of me.
a hell of a lot better than i am.
why, they believe youre just a stone killer, dont they?
that tends to happen when you use machine guns on them.
i just lost the feed.
but dont make a mess of your satchel. bring it here.
if you were a decent man and you really loved her, youd let her live her life.
im sorry, lucy.
she doesnt believe me, sayid.
6 months to 12 months.
i know whats happening.
take it any way you like.
she has no place in this family.
then wake him!  hello.  hi.
and there is no kevin peterson.
tell me exactly what happened.
ohh. what happened?
no, no, wait. whats your name?
its because there was no second password.
so make it burn always with the hardest flame.
hell press our limits, but try we must.
hell be the fourth to go.
he could be watching a ton of tv.
since youre all out of perspective and no one else seems to have it in this bloody town,
there is no conspiracy, john,
you might want to get down lower to the ground.
you dont think you can really trust this guy, do you?
i dont know.
hey, im talking to you.
please turn off all portable electronic devices.
sawyer, juliet, everyone from the boat...
you havent talked to him in months.
cmon apologise laddoo.
..but from your own father.
because my uncle the bus driver lives right across the way and he can see right into this apartment.
ill trade you. do all the engine work you want, but come with me to lexs.
you mean back before you rescued me from the dragons keep?
whered they go?
why is she... helping us?
give me your hand.
look at the wall!
i need you to tell me exactly how many people are on that island and where every single one of them is.
gee, i dont know.
your husband, was he on the flight?
promise me you wont let me be taken alive by some godless predator from another world, staff sergeant?
with him being in switzerland.
docs still doing a sweep of oswego, but the guys have basically vanished.
and when i got a second chance, i blew that too.
that something had killed them all.
now, lets ask somebody for directions.
why didnt you help her?
i just wanna go home.
that was some funeral dress.
well, it may come to change everything about him.
we would have ended up hating each other, anyway.
it is not what you think.
youre gonna do us a favor.
which is why i might live longer if i choose not to cross blades with you, noble mouse.
we understand each other, then?
im sorry i kept calling you steve, man.
greg threw me against the wall like it was nothing and grabbed lana.
i was not awake.
this morning i had 15 people willing to work on the sign. now im down to four.
please stop your wild abuses.
this is the perfect vehicle for you.
you cant do anything.
after the incident, he lost his memory.
theres a lunatic inside demanding to be taken to some place called level 3.
you have to move.
im from iraq.
we dont want any acci... oh!
its his brother, mark.
keep your mouth shut.
you mind if i check out some of this hardware?
my name is khan, and im not a terrorist.
what kind of law?
youve been here a million times?
stop! you gotta come with me!
okay, ill take him.
where are you?  quiet!
i wont let anything happen to you.
see, i got this stuff down.
whats this new set up?
good! close the door!
you embarrassed me in front of henry.
sir, i would gladly explain the particulars of locomotive operation to you.
you wouldnt listen to me.
so i havent told her the truth about me.
you can never take mamas place...
why dont we all just calm down here?
well, theres no sign of tina or lana or...
..then how will we catch it from down here, on earth?
ask him about the model.
i believe youre crazy enough.
forget the police. its covered.
im the one that killed his men.
its a very special day for madhavgarh today.
we lost comms.
you were missing delhi yesterday, werent you?
sometimes like a broken foghorn..
i cant believe it.
..then anything is possible.
what you ought to do is go to school and if anything else happens or it gets worse, give us a call.
am i being punished?
i think im just a little lightheaded.
are you lost?
go tell father that he can go ahead, and..
how do you expect to do that?
and dont come back or ill treat you the way restaurants are supposed to treat pests!
please think about it again...
youd better do it, maria. i can never stop once ive started.
i swear, that girls got you lojacked.
i dont think thats you.
i dont think your father likes me very much.
we need to find her.
the stairs is this way.
my normal markups 20 percent.
they caught the man who did it.
thank you, sir.
turn on the ring of fire!
i know im not completely innocent in all of this.
this is the kind of crap i have to deal with.
no, it never came through.
this was for your own good, believe me.
you got 50 pounds of gear.
i dont know how you do it, their cries must reach home.
youre gonna have to lie. its the only way to protect it.
ill see you later. i gotta go.
i think its time that the world get to enjoy your words as well.
i couldve just walked out, but then, this guy says that hes gonna tip me out of disorderly ...and then id lose my parole.
1206, you have to get off the main, over.
all due respect, dr. shephard, when this is over,
if i know the route, everything could be compromised.
acting is reacting.
few years ahead of you, well maybe more than a few.
i mean, the man was guilty.
dont we have some laundry to do?
you might have read about it. eightsomething people died. but the good news is, we over  insured it.
his shoot was delayed...
anybody wants to come, i got your private parking passes right here.
lieutenant, i dont see nothing.
the feds will never understand the guy whos facing 40 years.
well consider the child as gods blessings.
if you settle in life, thousands of girls will come after you.
yeah, well, then...
you should have a cloak lined with ermine.
i know you do.
the flashes are getting closer together.
strange weather, isnt it?
but you have to jump now. itll be okay. okay, girls.
i practised as a doctor.
i got 10 years on you, buddy.
plant a few bugs.
i only have one hand, but i could stick this in your neck before you get to that door.
i wanted to see what kind of young man youd grown into.
really? wow. usually youre like mr. ha ha.
weve traced it to its point of origin.
perhaps they can reward you with its command.
so soon you and i became we.
whats that, jack?
just hear me out.
im sorry about your congugals, but if you go now...
you got in a fight over a necklace?
general ever just know something, dr. nash?
right, and you can maybe go up a little bit and then come down, and then...
how longs it been?
that went rather well, didnt it?
who needs the bank?
theres somebody in the jungle!
beards and bedsteads!
i want you to understand that when you lead people in a place like this that your actions and decisions can have longranging repercussions that can affect the lives of people you never even met before.
what? i cant hold your hand?
no, of course you are.
im going to be a designer like you...
yes, 20 bucks.
he led us into that death camp, then hid and waited for that thing to strike.
if youre talking about 50pound tomatoes and twoheaded calves then i got a better explanation for you
anybody that wants to help us build, god bless you.
it was like i saw clues as to how he was gonna die.
..when i entered your room to evade the guards..
what, youre not sitting here.
i didnt allow
do you have any, back at your camp?
i dont know what happened.
looks like youve got business to attend to.
well, its about time, cowboy.
i think its time for another round.
i spent a week in tallahassee one night.
i think im pretty far from okay.
you gotta keep it elevated.
you just keep breathing.
see his entrails get scattered watch him lose his cojones
l know what a charley horse is, john.
doesnt he look wonderful?
dad, i wanna convince u! ..
ive seen them in action.
we are supposed to stay with you...
i made a mistake teaching michael how to shoot, and now hes...
we do that, were late. i dont run late.
there is nothing to support that.  nothing scientific.
we dont need you to handle anything.
no, not yet.
i got it, i got it, got it.
but what would i do without my magic shows?
promise me youll make it this time.
what do you want from me?
im sorry kid, i never got over sixth grade.
why are you laughing so strangely?
like a tackle dummy.
and what if youre wrong, ana?
how can your mother help us?
what are you doing here?
we left to blow it open so that we could hide inside, so all of us could hide inside in case... but that doesnt matter now because its not gonna work.
hello, ms. littleton. um...
i cant move.
how did he get my dad to sell our farm?
forget it. im done trading.
yes. yes, please.
all right, you understand?
maybe theres a way around it.
you dont know anything about baptism, do you?
you good with that?
i need a ride to lacrosse!
well fence for it. if you win, ill let you pursue your plan.
no, i m an old friend of his.
this was taken the night that stagg went missing.
youd like it.
could you point that flash away from me, please?
see you tomorrow, pop.
but i can lay quietly and not make a peep.
give me that.
get everybody off the boat. we have maybe five minutes left in the tank.
my parents are riding me to win.
remember something now?
yeah, i guess we are.
you hungry, annie?
just try not to get killed, will you?
bring us in where?
hes the reason i can cook the food thats exciting everyone.
why dont you think about it in here?
boone, its me.
hes leaving us a trail.
i want this street clear.
because otherwise, we wouldnt be having this conversation.
just a little scotch.
ls deepthi your sister?
oh, would you look at that.
visibility is getting worse as we....
whats making you think that?
who in the world am i?  aha, thats the great puzzle.
pillas dead, sir.
harrys in a wheelchair. not exactly in prime condition to go on a crime spree.
its special to me because im going to wear my tiara... when i audition for the part of the princess in the royal peanut butter commercials.
bankboston, cummins armored, arlington brinks, cambridge merchants.
you ungrateful bastard!
weve neither money nor bullets.
there, there, there.
change is nature, dad.
so how was the firing range?
youre having a bad day.
swing in the rhythm of jhoom jhamak jhoom
then your son?
i wish the all the happiness in the world to her.
it was good to see you again, brother.
where they cant do what they do.
youre not gonna help me save him? no.
why him?  he can be trusted.
and right there is where i... where i laid my guns down.
egg in her hair?
i need to move it somewhere safe.
crossing outer marker. monument in sight
its been a pleasure working with you, sayid.
okay, were almost there.
doesnt matter what it is.
what do you mean. maybe if i...
oh, stop thinking how ridiculous it is and start asking yourself whether or not you believe its going to work.
khan has refused to go back home until he meets the president elect.
he was halfway around the world. why are you asking me?
thats a carnivore in there.
its not to be, but i got to give her the flat, somehow.
if you dont love him, marry me.
nice to meet you, royce.
his stomach is upset.
its me... katherine.
just let me know where you get the fish.
thats such a rare wild flower.
you dont like it bitch!
your family loves you. do you know that?
hes that fish!
i can hardly keep my eyes open.
yes, this was the spot.
then he wanted his own thing.
how will i know if he chooses me?
ill get them to rescind it.
you infected my mind.
..for a six month course, right.
i got enough food now to open a chain of minimarts.
youre still wearing a wedding band?
im glad you talked me out of it.
so the world is still out there?
bet big, win big.
are those guns standard issue, baby?
hes my dad.
then red it is.
who did it?
thats what you get for trying to be a hero, clark.
what do you wanna call him, fido?
thing is, sometimes it takes weeks for the marshals to set up a new identity, so some local sheriff is stuck in the middle of nowhere with fibonacci.
everythings been worked out so the image hits the right spot.
some people, right?
i helped her flee.
you are a perfect mom...
you dont have to cut through any bone.
you know i was...
didnt you need to go to the antique store?
thank god you came.
i didnt get it at first either.
it makes us feel like well still be part of your lives even after were gone.
cant even boil an egg properly.
good because, as far as shes concerned, youve forsaken her.
because i put it there.
i was wondering if youre planning on coming to the game next sunday.
hes in the bathroom.
or maybe hell make you a big swan.
he was working for the mafia.
i figured you could use a drink.
later in life.  yeah, i guess.
he deserves to know.
we should set a trap for this person.
son, he casts a very, very long shadow.
ill pay for it.
dr. know told me youd be here.
think logically, youll know the risk in it.
shes in the subway,kitt. attack mode. initiating transformation.
come on, buddy. we both cant pass out.
she knows about the kids... shes a good mom!
yes, because i was supposed to be in a hotel alone.
now, we got a hell of a lot to talk about, dont we?
god damn it.
lets not overthink it.
you wouldnt wanna incriminate yourself.
soninlaw, why is he stammering?
ill keep clarks secret.
excuse me. may i have a word with you?
could you talk a little louder?
slithering beast... that feeds on pests with bad report cards.
a sizeable request, i know.
piece of cake, man.
why are you acting like me?
ever since then, my son says...
dear, ive cradled you for hours with this one hand.
because when you fail...
just keep swimming, swimming, swimming
it looks like a dot from here.
youre here today so i could personally tell you that you are going to die in federal prison.
you never found her?
im sorry for your loss.
photos of you in korea, up until four months before i was born.
if hes so eager to burn the bodies, why are we waiting till sundown?
small wife. fat wife. lets go.
,rosen is right about one thing,
you move, i fire.
i made it very clear to bhabhiji that the desserts will... come from chandni chowk.
he who can make the impossible into the possible, and possible into..
i have you figured out.
how do you explain that?
im sorry for what i did.
because if you arent, and it is the island that wants her dead... shell be dead.
dont know who beat them.
in about ten hours were gonna have to find ourselves some new employment.
youre telling me my father was dr. frankenstein.
what damn army? newborns.
i saved you, little buddy!
how can i help you, james?
well never get everyone down in time.
ill give you a million dollars, if you let me use the phone.
alicia theyve never been opened.
ben, stay close.
what happened out there?
lets get to it, shall we?
ive been educating young people all my life.
now, what do you say?
you can almost see time passing.
you speak english, buttsteak?
if they go to seattle, they could come here.
were just fixing up the kitchen for you.
everyone on the island is gonna die if i dont go back.
sachin, shall i tell you something?
few years earlier...
... helenawentto themovies with her friend...
i cant do it alone.
i respect them.
one syllable, man.
ls he the man to inquire about me?
initiating communication sequence.
here. why dont you take a look?
..my contract shall get extended by another million years.
welcome aboard, kate.
you dont want him to go, do you?
i said id take care of him.
just be strong private.
ramesh brought me to mumbai, saying hed find a job for me.
give me the 40.
your wife. hi, girls! girls, i want you to meet mr gru.
wat were u studying?
pierre, thats why we have a truck full of water.
veer is back.
what did you do?
tyler, bring the car around. were going to smallville.
how am i to repay your gratitude?
yeah. we build a raft.
so they... they just, what, left?
well shut the emergency doors, suck out all the air.
its me, katie.
every minute you dont spending looking for kevin is a minute wasted.
come, lets give him treatment.
oh my lord this young man oh my lord
nate  then let her go.
we could use all the bodies we can get to help put it together.
its not your picture on the journal cover so much as the words son outshines father in the caption.
david tweener apolskis, five years for grand larceny.
wren, i need you to tell them what really happened.
ban... madam, we are coming.
tree canopy keeps the temperature down shields out the sun.
does that mean i should wait 20 minutes and go anyway?
caught the three by the creek. this ones their leader.
i mean, there were flames, and there was a hook and that red door.
then we gotta get back in there.
my wife isnt here?
i thought we were together on this.
im saved only because of the protection shields of this house.
did you know?
... and cant remember what happened.  im sure you have a theory.
he left when i was 10.
soon the hunt will be on for his killer
lex, are you gonna answer my question?
are you with me on this?
well, they say that is the best way to learn a foreign language.
where are desmond and sayid?
i know youre a structural engineer, scofield.
i had to go to the bathroom.
you okay? nelson.
i wrote it in a hurry, will you beat me for that?
blaring continues   he just shut off his lights.
ever since i can remember i have loved you... loved you very much.
so all of you would want to have a smoke, isnt it?
but you know these guys.
i thought this would be ok.
what do i have to be nervous about?
you better think fast.
seems like you thought of a very funny joke..
hello, mrs. gandhi.
you just left him to die.
you consciously create each aspect.
congratulation on your wedding, jenny.
did you bother to read it?
are you guys hungry? like i have to ask.
this wasnt a choice between you and jacob.
yeah, i know, im bloody scum.
i guess i owe you an apology.
i guess this is as close as i can get.
how did you know that?
its the only way theyd let me stay.
you dont worry sir, ill finish the job and come.
nice one, jesse.
we deserve to be happy!
over the lips, past the gums,
youd better pray youre not wrong.
was it right after we saw her?
he has no value for us.
my fathers brother.
well be here for the next two weeks, so please do stop by.
veronica donovan, shes my attorney, and nick savrinn, he, uh, works at project justice.
chloe, i just got your note. i cant believe it. i just saw mrs. sikes yesterday.
you said we have room for one more?
you havent been sleeping much. maybe you need to take a personal day.
we can do that.
yeah, its true.
of course we do. jack, the people i left behind need our help.
maybe well come by later and check it out.
shes ravishing, im sure shell have a lover.
the sky can flash all it wants, but i aint starting over, dilbert.
roger that. begin sequence when ready.
shes got clutter issues. im trying to help resolve them.
but we have one more night to figure that out.
its my dad.
i have right left problem.
hes seemed so happy ever since his dad got better.
hes fine, on the freighter. im going to take people back, six at a time.
his abdomen goes rigid, then...
i suggest that we ask for support from paris.
so wheres the package?
colette will be responsible for teaching you how we do things here.
there are 40 children in that shoe, which is why the weasel goes pop to this very day.
you need to, like, kiss some serious booty to get ahead in this world.
hes here, how can he go there?
not much you can do about that, then.
im working with the cla.
i have respect for beer!
can you read?
i walked a lot and stopped after reaching here.
he means this guy?
stop by anytime.
well be together for the rest of the year.
perhaps i should take my leave.
i think, bruno, if you ever found a nice jew, you would be the best explorer in the world.
we dont know anything about this guy.
i want to see whats out there.
theres no one behind me for 200 yards.
come with me.
in fact, shell be glad she doesnt have to deal with you anymore.
listen, walt. its complicated.
can youuuu give us diiirectionsss?
you want to come?
what you doing?
get aaron to the boat.  what?
im fine. im fine.
its weird for me, too.
oh no, sir, im not cunning.
trying to give the quarterback some culture?
whitney has paid more attention to me in the last two weeks than he has all year.
if this map is pointing to her, then you should know she resides here in this area.
look, where hes sitting?
you cant get a sunstroke.
you got it.
so, uh... why are you going through greenbrier?
yeah, im telling you, john.
theres no outside world.
and those of you who survived you swam to the island?
this man saved my life.
not that old.
so you see, the equations had shown that once an individual spacetime pathway had been used it could not be reused.
she was coming towards me. ranvir, lets go from here please.
initiation, bro. first ones on the house.
with my husband.
i know where hed run.
you will carry it where he asks. do you understand?
by the way my name is priya.
bleached the entire place for dna.
where you go, i will go... etcetera.
i dont know.
cause i cant have you like this around my son.
who the hell is hugo and hows he got a hundred and sixty million dollars to leave to his mom?
from fairy tale to religious.
desmond had a gun on me.
listen, we dont have much time. ive been, uh... sidetracked,
arzt. sorry, man, names hard to pronounce.
from those three little kittens
hey,how long will it take us to get up there?
its time to get back to work.
no one gets hurt.  we know.
superheated rock from the earths core..
can people be evil?
mr. moucheboume is dads boss.
at least meet him once.
so when did you find out?
id be over there just building my model?
no sir actually were from sciences side sir how?
give me your vest.
not in this office not anywhere.
yes, you are!
this cant be right. youre not a popsicle.
not this far into the vortex.
no. he was alone.
you wont mind if i record our conversation, for both of our protection?
thats what your brother said to me,
babies get sick.
why would you... why didnt you let me speak to him?
check for survivors.
if you talk to the fbi, well come to your house and fuck you and kill you.
i havent been fair to you.
my girlfriend n wife..both are engineering itself then y do i come last..tel?
lapidus... and sun.
you need to sit down. you need time to adjust to atm..
use your all talent, even body shouldnt be found.
you! come on! come over here!
big charity todo up portland way.
quite painless, really.
lets get you home, dad.
ive never had to describe it before.
i kind of lived there for a while.
so i got a long road.
would you mind sticking around for a while?
youve given me good usable intel.
once you let your grief become anger, it will never go away.
this offer expires in 48 hours, and if that happens,
how am i supposed to fight crime with one hand tied behind my back?
let me get this straight.
i got this in hand.
i mean, literally gone.
were getting close
get him to the humvees.
which would go nicely with a bottle of cheval blanc 1947.
but these areas, here, here, here and here, are overrun.
you dont have a backup plan?
i like that idea.
get in there and clean it up before this whole place starts smelling like san juan.
the one who is not here is etched in my memory and the one... who is right here i forgot about him.
come with me.
i said lets go. you need to put the guns down.
it is decided.
its supposed to be a celebration...
pickled eggs and flaps of mud
promise me that you will never let tears come to his eyes...promise me.
the best way to ensure everybodys safety is for you to continue your work.
i dont want this to get...
bring me my business wig.
..has elevated the entire humanity in the eyes of god.
he didnt have any other choice.
you were with me from beginning.
peach oh, nigel! you just missed an extraction.
dont kill yourself.
give that back!
i cant do it.
good girls dont kiss and tell.
no, im fine. hans, i need you out on route 90, two miles east of the mansion.
is this everybody on the boat?
what did you just say?
is it true what they say?
david, stop it!
we got two commandments and two only.
what russian law?
what will i ever do without you
i dont really like being pigeonholed into one
who did you love?  who did you show me?
because he wasnt on the plane.
of your fresh air magazine.
i waved, remember?
about the bank, its important to me.
i got the ride.
whats that mean coming from a primitive anyway?
this is my baby, okay. i let her take him.
john is going to be a proxy.
you walked across?
no ones forgotten about walt.
thats a good story.
now, i know it feels very real...
however, as you see, no harm has come to the car.
oh, mrs. moucheboume, what a horrible misunderstanding.
why didnt you tell me then?
all our commanders from the ally kingdoms..
it was an accident and i am the one who gotta live with it, not you.
yes, you are.
i killed these men.
how many times are you gonna say that to me, john?
but im fast.
...two of them and put them there.
then why would you risk it all to steal a pair of sunglasses?
because i have no one, kasim calls me names..
thats pure alcohol!
how did you meet her?
ill have to stay away from my kid?
keep going. keep going.
theres too much water here, mandira..
excuse me, may i ask you...
youre killing me.
how the fuck can we get out of here?
l was in a wheelchair.
he looks kind of...
she coded twice on the way over here.
on top of it, hes a dirty rat.
doesnt matter what they call you. its the deeds make the man.
look, staff sergeant, lets just be clear.
in mother first, you must trust.
i know youll take good care of each other.
that ive made friends in smallville, people i trust.
looks like darth vaders bathroom.
youve made body and muscles.
seenu, youre a man.
a question here, a comment there, and then if youre not careful,
youre so stupid.
where is chandu?
yes, how can i help you?
i dont know.
bring him to me.
you had your own cooking show and you can hold your breath for 30 seconds?
ive seen it.
you got nothing in the whole world but your brother.
can i have a dog, manny?
whats that to you?
you feel another one coming?
or have you forgotten who really defeated the white witch, peter?
you sure about this?
weve had reports of a druid roaming the villages.
let me help.
thats not why i did it.
hello, im kalpana.
times up, boy. lets get back to your cell.
bob is a very nice guy, papa.
how come you spent eight years in mit to become a cable repairman?
theyre not back yet?
who turned him in?
water regular or mineral, sir?
you wont get us pregnant or have us to supper.
so, i look pretty good, huh?
you dont see what i see, g!
we only bought cadmus to bankrupt sir harry.
take a deep breath!
no. not yet.
i need to get out, right now.
keep raising it!
i mean... you two were buddies. i just thought...
we have three little girls.
how do you translate business strategy into emotion?
that osteopath you sent me to, the guy that worked on my arm?
do you understand me?
i know this is hard to understand, but...
take phone take it wat to say?
five oclock. watch for my flare.
you dont help me out, someone else will take over, and that someone, he wont play nice at all.
can somebody translate that?
john ive almost got it!
life without parole for conspiracy to commit murder.
oh, sweetie, were not under any illusions that you two dont sleep in the same bed.
we are gathered here today to immortalize in song the life and untimely death of a great legend.
i want you to have it.
but all of us heard whatever went on inside.
im gonna head back now.
what are you doing here?
what are you doing?
grey, do you read me?
where were you?
the acknowledgement boom of your first wish.
whyd you do that?
damn, nate, those are some expensivelooking threads.
hes going to get away!
open ..oh shit.
hows your navi?
prem, president of happy club.
i found that freaky zvezda joint were going to hit up for our victory lap.
hey.  hold still.
i never been married.
ok. dont talk.
i was gonna ask you how this was going, but its coming together fast.
aarush doesnt have any objections.
i didnt know if i could trust you.
if you love rain, get wet.
look,fake eyebrows and eyelashes.
that cop acted like we were suspects or something.
i started to fear!
would you please, with cherries on top, marry me?
you dont wanna rush it.
p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney? yep. were gonna just swim straight.
best get cracking, hey?
michael youre unique
,if you had suddenly learned that the people and the places,
ask him, hes the one whos been there.
i havent been baptised.
you kill bird.
so youre telling me, youre going to erase the last three years of our lives?
ill write you up and greensheet your ass.
im not d.b. cooper.  thats all right.
hi. hey, beezus.  hey.
drop it now.
if its this man, hell stay here only.
..what i am talking about.
but the one thing both of us have to remember is that we are in this together, ok?
those are the guns?
theyre not here.
they found us because they were looking for us!
those two move, shout.
she just seemed so out of it.
now the only ones who are here to help us... are a murderer and a guy who cant seem to remember how the hell he got out of a coffin.
i was going back...
refit and max out ammo and grenades, you got five!
i got in.
not like that...
i know its not pleasant, but lets face it.
what u think, makes a difference!
hey, yo, strokes about to get the doc!
there are as many protein pairs contained in this...
grunts  i dont know about that, man.
they are not troubling you, right?
so you have another copy of this book?
then i have failed you.
well, this time.
and then after that, we can go to the farmers market and get some burgers.
yes, im sorry.
youre getting the fuck out of here.
thats my point.
hey stop... where are you going? entry is barred
yeah, ill say.
you might consider rounding those curves at a speed that wont break the sound barrier.
ok.  rules, rules, rules!
if shes here, it means her boy friend will be here only.
father, im afraid its not a very good time.
when i got there, troy was already on the floor.
i want you to handle all the tests personally, then report directly to me.
ill make you a deal.
the train, a wvr777 otherwise known as 777, left fuller yard in northern pa sometime before 8 a.m. this morning and no one was on board.
you werent exactly supposed to see that.
rules designed to make it impossible for women to enter this world.
youre hurt, remember?
maybe youll end up in the garage.
i dont know why i forgot.
oh, and... boy... you call the cops, i will put this thing right here in your eye.
we have to go when its dark.
if you misbehave like this, youre bound to get punished.
sorry.  guess that answers that question.
we both know whitney can be a little overzealous but his hearts in the right place.
say it... come on, dude...
how you look? you look just like n.t. rama rao!
well, we were gonna tell them this weekend.
ethan, we found this hidden under the seat in the truck.
when does he head out?
for a second, just a second, i thought...
last year i suffered a huge loss in the share market..
master, shes flapping like a bird
we have an exit!
well, i say the first time.
stop checking him out.
ladies and gentlemen, graduating seniors, good evening.
so youre not staying?
lincoln said he could exonerate him.
far from you
i will beat you to that door.
are you gonna tell the others?
can i avoid it after accepting your offer?
are you listening, alu?
lets get you airborne.
what about others like her?
thats where all this started, maybe its where it will all stop.
this ones special. my mother gave it to me right before she died.
were you planning on telling me?
this old lady suryakantham is very cunning.
would you mind telling me what shes doing here?
what else can you tell us about the structure?
i think theyre saying,baa.
you feel something else for me. you just wont admit it.
im not taking no death letter.
i mean, even when i fail, how do i do that, jack?
were done with that question.
with the boar running out, were gonna need as much food as we can possiblely get.
i need to see them.
everythings fine, dad.
command, chalk four is requesting medivac.
when you spend so many years fighting cops and prosecutors and judges trying to take your freedom for something you didnt do, you use every cent you had on attorneys fees, you wind up losing anyway...
where is she?
its good to see you.
thats what the future holds.
nail them to the courthouse!
pick him up.
you got to be the man now.
mary catherine walsh, unmarried, regional operations manager for the empyrean international bank.
whats her name?
youre just a businessman.
you should be resting.
let me go!
what are you doing here?
you wanted to see me colonel?
but we will ask for forgiveness.
in less than a day, the trail has gone cold in the pursuit of what are now being called... yeah, its fine stay on top of it, all right?
are you gonna eat that, sweetie?
open it boy!
shes already gone.
let him know its from me sometime, ok?
man we dont want him to get sick.
the crazy guys, with a big beard, no clothes, whos naked
lets just get there as quickly as possible.
..born in a christian, not hindu family.
how long did it take you?
drink my blood.
i said i would not fight you.
he told me you went into the city yesterday to meet him.
cool and warm at the same time.
i will cut your balls off in your sleep.
hes sending a man to inquire.
are you sure you really want it?
i think the answer to that might lie in the victim.
they werent after the files?
i saw it in a film.
theres mountains and glens and monsters in deep lochs, and...
can you recognise him?
because im christian.
im sorry for whatever happened that made you stop believing.
what the hell are you doin?
right away, sir.
saving aladin time and again has become his habit, darling.
now, the easiest way for you to test yourself is to try and remember how you arrived at this hotel.
muzak plays man when was your last checkup, claire?
training for what?
have i ever given way to any vehicle?
i know,charles. i know.
cant it climb down by a couple or so?
thats all you need to know.
come on. come on, man, lets go!
thats the nice thing about sheep. theyre predictable.
she just makes me a little crazy.
six months here, three months there.
bob is sleeping with hetal upstairs.
maybe can get a lead on where hes holed up.
youre out of your fucking mind.
arriving to great fanfare twas her aged father,
please leave a message.
clark, man, havent you ever watched cops?
hey, ive been knocking those things down for 20 minutes.
sorry, des. you stay here.
ignore it. that thing is huge.
im not doing this for money.
i think you know.
get outta my way.
we know where he is.
faisal rehman, he works at the st. benedicts hospital.
i dont think so.
youre lucky to have someone out there looking for you.
your parents will be so happy theyll have to keep you.
just leave them!
were here for benjamin linus.
this is the way i roll.
whats he doing here?
what do you mean, you dont know? what did he say?
a curse has fallen on us since she came here
second trucks totally empty. just an escort.
phunsuk bangdu...now who is this?
just tell me what happened.
now she wants us to go here, john.
can you guys give us a minute?
you lied to me, aarush.
its not right to play with silly toys while people are away risking their lives for the fatherland.
rousseau said the others wont be here till night.
we cant even see these things.
for centuries weve dreamed of gods, spirits, aliens, an intelligence beyond our own.
what are you looking at? booya! you got shrunk, tiny mouthwash!
lost them on a lake.
its hard to deal with. theres nothing we can do.
i assume that...  yeah.
this is the flu season, young man. i dont even know why you came in today.
why do you have to bring so much?
dr brooks says...
come on guys, keep it moving.
did i ever tell you about the first time i ever saw him?
no matter what hes in for, robbery, rape, homicide, whatever, he wins his freedom.
i was just joking.
you all need to be on it.
its a closed fracture, but i think i can set it.
he is your brother, isnt he?
its like that.
and one freak sending messages.
but well always be this.
as head of security, it is my job to keep you alive.
someone is trying to kill me.  why?
what makes you think i would even know the answer to that?
we copy. 10 seconds from your signal.
ana, we found him in the water.
we gotta get as far away from these things as we can!
it may be ok for some people, but not for you.
i cant believe its been 100 days since ive seen a game.
if i jumped, would i survive?
that son of a bitch mailed it.
holding a small gun and moving it casually, will you stylishly point at us?
jake, the movies over.
the way she spoke to me...
youll have 30 seconds to get your asses out of there.
im right behind you.
well, i get a headache, and then it hits me.
im going to kill your father tomorrow.
well, you might want to look outside.
theyll get to you too.
like i said, they dont last. i dont think theyre dead yet.
i just... get the feeling that he could be upset.
listen, aarush, youre very sweet.
you still pissed?
regular tasks like eating, drinking, driving, also his feelings... lie embedded in his subconscious mind.
sweetie, you need to rest.
could you hold this please?
so we keep looking.
i got to hand it to you, sawbucks  how you find women that beautiful to work your grift.
jasmine, would you like to go to the students ball?
! where you from, man?
you wont need that anymore.
the question is...
theres a huge cloud around you...
that all you got?
what youre saying doesnt make any sense.
what do you want?
cbi officer ranvir. are you steves wife?
keep your eyes peeled,kitt.
no, no. i do, i do.
youre mr. flynn?
mama jenny i have to go to her.
im not a terrorist.
you promised me.
i guess were supposed to change the world.
were in a whale, dont you get it?
this is 26.
dont you think?
what they did to us?
someone from camp hiked all the way out here?
that woundedpride routine may have worked for your mother but dont try it with me.
and he will slit your throat the minute youre alone.
what do you want, hurley?
looks like we got us a little tongue action.
besides, i dont believe lana is as infatuated as you think.
dogs fly in the luggage compartment all the time.
i kept them for aleya and anjali...
once we get back to the beach, everythings gonna be fine. all right?
sawyer,he said he can get us back to where we belonged.
lfyou are the body i am the soul.
let it be anybodys mistake, our lives are in danger now.
yes. its marvelous, isnt it?
is there anyone who can walk on this bed of fire?
jethro heres hoarding the last of the peanuts. my own stash.
it means poison has turned into manna.
well, yeah, but you could still use it as sort of a telegraph, right?
welcome mr. minister
yeah, whatever trevor.
hey, come here. check this out. you want to  let me.
give it to your tv soap sister. itll be useful for your fodder.
its not me who made all those spots.
no. he said the teacher killed his dream, so he killed the teachers dream.
i cant stay, nick.
youre headed back to the beach, huh?
he took up a position here.
please, someone come.
whats your location?
parcher professor nash.
hello, michael.  not now, man.
do you remember when i first came to london? do you remember when i first came to london?
one, two, three, four...
warden, all i need is three weeks.
and i told shannon about it, and we thought you should know...
what the hell is wrong with her? shes been out for ten minutes. stop shouting, james.
yeah, careful i dont make you cry when i win!
jack and locke are a little too busy worrying about locke and jack.
go and ask in that building.
laugh on my methods..
so you took the fall and everything was covered up?
you have a choice.
this cat, hes not scary.
we know enough.
i remember. sarcastically yeah! movie night with bella.
two pink lines?
and, whoever it was that set me up wants me in the ground as quickly as possible.
youve got the wrong idea, man.
how big is a baby?
hes not a problem, william.
i will find them at any cost.
whatll it be, frank?
its trekking across vast stretches of desert, rafting bloody treacherous waters
thank you for coming, rizvan.
youre left as liquid but your bodys pine dr. cullen
well, that is some trick there, kiddo.
he liked ur photos very much..hes become crazy!
if she comes back, do me a favor, you just keep her there, all right, jimmy, and you call me.
great idea, you two go look in the burning death hole.
dude, what are you doing?
you seen her bags?
you know, see if we can turn your week around.
so, ill tell it to you once im back.
please stop talking, henry.
i heard what happened to your son.
i dont know.
oh, my god, no... .
its their problem.
oh, sure, you guys all joined up with the dharma initiative.
hey, jake, jake, jake!
now look here. we have got six days of water.
you want to sniff the air or commune with a buffalo or something?
no, shes occupied with her presents.
everybody makes choices.
how do you think she died?
you promised me you wouldnt leave the courtyard!
very little of anything im afraid
after everyone weve lost...
sun, that boat i came here on...
did your guru tell you everything?
why would i stare?
i already have, by twice intercepting these little communiques.
i thought you said you were gonna break it all off?
your son hasnt returned since last night.
because when i got near him, i got sick.
the cage, it works.
i want to see the rage in a rajputs blood.
yeah, but why would he think itd work?
i admit i didnt think much of andy first time i laid eyes on him.
hes too smart for that.
i am simple, general.
last time, i promise.
and if we bring it in, how much?
and i have to fight for sam.
stop it, brother, please.
mistake i didnt shoot you
crash, you ok?
why dont we go back to the party?
if you were in my place, what would you have said?
barry, youre in a morgue.
one of these boxes contains your past, hume.
people change, have different experiences. its kind of like us, you know?
give me one second.
what do you think were doing?
youre not the only one who knows what to do around here. i run a business.
and i want pizza...pizza.
where is the soup?
is killing this baby what jacob wants?
itr reports need to be signed by you as chief resident.
it was about my safety, and charlies.
oh, no, no, no, no.
when you say we...
give me your hand!
aladin had a lamp..
well, would you look at that.
just because you win doesnt make you right.
you met her,actually,when the island was skipping,back in 1954.
keep her relaxed. do not let her panic.
happy birthday, boy.
its just a boar.
for running like the devils chasing you.
because there are some buildings over there... and animal cages.
the airline wouldnt let him bring it on the plane.
i have something for her.
about the leak.
i have you all figured out.
exopacks on! lets go, exopacks on!
it is the time of hydration!
no one tell them anything.
well, who needs men, right?
yes, all destitutes go to slums only.
i was there a minute, then this kid comes right through the front door.
its a beautiful, healthy baby.
nothing appears disturbed.
god damn it, you listen to me!
come on, come on.
so, im going to need you to assist. okay?
you know what i cant figure out?
im sorry. this is all i could find.
turns out maybe he was right.
youd never have come across a loser like him.
wait, wait, youre tying up the wrong person.
thats my guy.
sawyer, for the first time in my life im actually happy.
thats right. you came a long way to find something that isnt out here.
now, if they think were dead, like they do right now, maybe we get a little breathing room here,
if you do the alaska weekend and the immigration interview,
now, it must seem strange to you, my life in new york... sitting in an office, reading books.
who are you to decide that?
what do i want?
im sure they mustve used 1000 labourers.
get your van, and lets get to the dock.
blooms twice annually with bright, blue flowers.
do we know who they are?
there is some good news though!
i never liked it then.
tickles them in the middle and sees which end farts.
i dont know whose son he is.  i know.
im going in in 4.
governor, i appreciate your coming.
we dont know the answer.
it suits you a lot!
we werent trying to catch aidid. we were trying to catch you.
it is a oneofakind car, mr. long.
how long did you guys debate amongst yourselves whether or not to ask me why the phone rang?
you dont...  what we had, it was just for a little while.
you remember renata, gusteaus old flame?
we dont get many gentlemen in this theatre.
so she somehow figures out which bank, which safe deposit box.
what... what, uh... whats she doing here?
yes, it is jesus!
i got a reporter coming today who actually believes im innocent.
wheres your necklace?
okay. you okay?
i can read? thats right. i can read!
lex luthor, a friend of your aunt.
tell him to turn his damn radio off.
are you sure you want to go on now?
its right before your eyes.
what are you saying man?
gove me the phone.
happy birthday, alu.
if its just a dream, then why are you?
im sorry, dobbs.
let us see how much you know, huh?
i saw chloe. somebodys got her. you have to believe me, clark.
we still have xero visibility.
i can make ham sandwiches and well eat in front of the tv.
whats wrong, dear, youre silent.
as the birds pluck his eyes the sun bleaches his bones
and the interior of the mouth, the strong odor of bleach,
that i do.
whats the matter, you crackerass fuckin freak?
this is chicken shit, chief.
i was going in and she was going out.  who?
i love you, pen.
what did it mean?
who would do this?
i can pretend to be the doting fianc. thats easy.
maybe you and i could go.
kitt,you sure you dont have anything on the men from the vault room?
no, im staying.
then if you set it up just right, you spring the trap.
its on a whole new level,man.
you wanna tell us why you need to run so bad?
you reside in my thoughts.
i know you gotta stop me... but i cant just let that kid die.
its coming from back there. maybe its your famous garlic mayo.
i just needed to see her again.
what happened to him?
go take care of yourself, man.
you do not speak here!
chaparral associates got the contract to retrofit this place in 99.
this is just... not simple any more.
is there something i can do for you?
joe, youre always the first one.
because id like to date you.
i wasnt trying to cook.
whats going on, son?
then what happens?
we may have our ups and downs, but thats just the way it works.
kate she just needs time.
and tell everyone who stays back on those rigs to button down.
hes telling that bird whats for!
how long have you been down here?
yeah, and you dated a football player.
thats enough...send her on!
you cant put rings or exchange offers later.
its all done.
i dont know...
who are you guys?
and got sent away to a reform school or something.
get me an exit down that alley!
you looked worried.
its all fate, priya.
oh, of course, your dream.
get out of my way.
well, how do you feel about polar bear feces?
i just wanna talk to you, just for two minutes. okay?
let me help you.
look, i know ive been less than truthful about certain things since coming here, but i promise you, sun, i promise you,
he was adopted.
this is my first visit to london.
craven our second in command had formed a secret alliance with lucian ruler of the werewolf clan to overthrow viktor, our leader
im so sorry for your loss.
are you really worried that we will?
he knows exactly how to get to me
trust me, clark. our friendship is gonna be the stuff of legend.
just... well, his dad was a lawyer.
kate, no one owes anyone anything.
come on, get up.
all right, im down here trying to help.
could be time to try something else.
looks to me you already got a girlfriend.
lets go, were done.
you want to tell me your name?
511, 159 pounds.
davids all bark.
seti in new mexico identified a signal.
hey, man, why dont you shut the fuck up?
what do you see?
we each see what we need to see.
i dont know where we go from there, but well figure something out.
remember that dream i had last night?
i want on the floor. can you help?
then im going with you.
because i love prem.
our serving man has it.
you got to give me more time.
something in her tone changed.
maya please listen to me!
hmm? what else have you been doing?
i wish i didnt waste my time.
why have you become serious?
what were you doing in the bathroom?
you can gun him down then.
i said quiet!
youre not gonna steal anymore, are you?
and yet it was weird, because at the same time...
you talk too loud.
you are divorced.
you gave him okay, but whom did you send after them?
and its hero is prem.
you want me to... a... and to give it to locke?
then i guess we gonna be super careful with that one.
were near the northern air temple.
it belonged to the man i loved.
looking at him as an inspiration today..
dont you celebrate your birthday?
lori, help me!  im trying!
its a boar, sawyer.
john, how much further is it?
the conservatory closed its doors in the 70s.
this is a waste of time and my gas money.
you want to watch the whole tape?
son of a bitch. romeo 64, were back where we started.
what are you doing down here?
theres a minor disturbance in cell block.
we conducted functions together but not murders, leave me.
the clownfish is the winner!
you know, i guess what i find curious is the crazy charities, the annual prank on the company.
now please excuse me!
sheriff? what are you going to do about rattlesnake jake?
all right, here we go.
can i see it?
i must not have seen him behind the table.
spared the sweats for a couple of days, the perk of chairing the blood drive.
lets talk about you.
hes alive. everywhere i go, i see him.
we got him.
pack up. were leaving.
good, because i need a favor.
the major cities have been deserted.
stop it you monsters.
because that was your mothers first wish..
come to me, margaret of new york.
well find her, charlie.
i told you, i dont want to do this anymore.
ramona, shes an infant.
not really in the mood, hurley.
i want to report an emergency. over.
i found it.
im busted for something else.
he adjusted to his new fate... and became a paragon of docility and diligence... slaved 15, 16 hours a day, summer and winter.
hetal, this is my friend aarush.
what do we do?
asked him if we could have a chat.
but a toothbrush is a nonlethal object, isnt it?
how about now?
thats him, sergeant.
big one, ilya. and thats sascha.
hes building a big sign in the sand, so the satellites will see it.
... some idiots going down the eviscerator!
he doesnt understand me, but i can be myself around him.
i shall wrap it myself, but id be grateful if youd send men to help carry it down.
it was the longest walk of my life.
no, no, it cant be gone.
its gonna be ok, now.
this afternoon, encoms board moved to seize control from flynns partner, alan bradley, vowing to return the company to profitability.
i found a manuscript in one of the suitcases.
by the way, youre gonna get your legs back.
im comin, comin, im comin im comin for you.
it bothers you, doesnt it?
call me crazy.
dont you take that tone with me.
you know? make an escape from the daytoday.
this is monk gyatsos.
i got news for you, michael.
sir, im telling you again, its fine if you wont go to the office, its okay, no problem.
you need someone to translate, and you need at least two people who know how to sail.
no way im opening it.
they appear to be routing orders across the border into the u.s.
should i call back later?
and it is in the heart that all wars are won.
why would he suggest such a thing?
i want to talk to her alone.
the boards decision is final, miss jones.
dad, its time for you to go now.
nothing, youre just less clark kentlike.
uh... i love you.
he says he does not know.
on hawlwadig road and hold just short of the olympic hotel.
sir, hes uploading the virus.
so youve been treated for psychiatric issues before, hmm, mary?
ive recently been appointed as the political agent..
so, whats our next move?
now, hes just like any other furniture
i believe this is yours.
tell me, mr gray.
that kind of problem.
i wont leave her.
who doesnt want to find someplace wonderful?
oh, no. youre such an idiot.
im a fast study. ill pick things up as i go along.
look...whatever it may be.
i found something out about whitney.
looks like they got them robbers.
ok. lets swing by the island.
amanda oh, yeah, why is that?
the black rock is not far.
you could try leaving the house.
carlisle told me
this music is quite depressing.
that is too real.
youre adopted, arent you?
how will i face him there?
what about this?
i didnt switch it on, it started on its own.
your aggressive moves towards me indicate that you feel the same way.
isnt there another way?
hey. you want a sandwich?  no, im good.
..to wedding of our hero, prem.
i am cleaning this.
youre crazy beautiful.
do you know it is a felony to file a bogus police report?
at the old mill years ago.
you think you can do these things... but you just cant, nemo!
you start with all these parts off the board.
you gotta tell me, you understand?
i dont want you to go away again.
youre gonna do what i ask.
he was at it.
you dont have a stash anymore.
excuse us, please.
fiona, dont say that.
on the plane, i was sitting across the aisle from that really big guy with curly hair.
im the one that got away.
you owe me a fish taco.
we were strangers on a plane and became friends.
why do you say like that, mother? take it.
same running away tendencies.
get down on the ground!
oh, my god.
and i was scared.
lets ask mrs. patel about her plans for that day.
were runnin out! were runnin out!
why the fuck cant i change?
im sorry. i cant do that.
whyd you trust me?
hey u guys get in..if theres any danger outside..ill give virus alert!
in another mile, youre going to collapse. were going to take a break.
only a fool would be out there all by himself.
have you got the pipe?
why do u people eat chutney?
im so sorry.
seats yours if you want it, daniel.
..to drink the bottle of liquor.
he called me from there only.
im a scientist, remember?
they like linguinis soup.
i created a hole in the ozone over avignon.
these are the instruments that i need you to bring back.
..veers way is the righteous one.
he was a roman when he ran.
when i tell them i got your confession,
good, then i can inform him that youll be cutting your work force.
you rock, dude!
so youve had a night to sleep on it, what are you going to do with lexs check?
he said around 10.
every experience is of value.
maybe you should run away more!
im just lawnchin.
this encounter king has killed 98. terror tej singh.
vishal.. you dont give chance you have to take it.
but i will find them anjali.
except, see, heres the thing.
stood by and watched. now you figure youll patch me up and buy you a ticket into heaven?
oh, man, you see what time it is?
im not crazy.
yeah, it is.
oh, my god, is he ok?
what have you done?
i was actually on my way out.
you dont get on the back of some random losers motorcycle.
..whose name is rizvan khan..
so tina greer can bend her bones like a contortionist and become anyone she wants?
its imperative it sails with us.
no, just that i pulled you out, thats it.
get away from her!
dont worry.we got emright where we want em.
the relationship with the father.
youre the only one with something to be sad about?
electricity, showers, beds.
the truth is, my dear, we were celebrating your wonderful news.
has anybody seen a boat?
yeah. this could work.
i bow and pray.
can i get your signature?
if youre still here in a week, were coming back.
you know that?
he went right through there
to the ikran people of the eastern sea.
you have a plan?
come a little late.
my phone is dead.
im not getting on no fucking roof!
more important than my wedding.
over the last few hours... you have managed to follow the tracks of humans, birds, a rock slide, yourself  basically everything except boar.
jenny is christian and we are high caste hindus.
prithee, unhand my fair maiden.
whats a scaffold for?
we need to get him back to the village.
no catchings, really.
they need to accidentally get erased.
enjoy it, marv. you earned it.
one of those.
you dont see these anymore, yet here it is on this island.
3 meters from the margin line on the plans.
and just when i was giving him mouthtomouth..
he went on a different work duty with some of the men, and they havent come back.
were gonna have to bring him too.
and im gonna be in the middle of it.
its a bjrn.
you just seem more interesting than that.
now, you dont gotta thank me but youre not walking away.
that same different thoughts since childhood we heard that life is like a race....
are you not allowed out?
im asking you a serious question.
so the progress up the stim seem to work really well.
i had no choice.
so sawyer went off on michael because he gets to decide who goes. you dont think kate did it?
ive seen that guy charm the pants off a lot of ladies.
yeah, but strong enough to bury a recoil?
i want you to take a look at something.
and, no, i dont think anyone can do it.
youre not coming. youre staying.
bought us two weeks.
but how do you know...
oh, im sorry.
whats his reaction?
dont even think about it! lets go!
whoa, dude. what are you doing here?
you get the fuck out.
just forget about it, okay?
any of you guys see a plane last night?
you think its still there?
todays the seventh.
if even one of those hazmat cars blew, it could easily decimate an entire town.
all she does is gurgle.
no, her worker bees did.
three, two, one, and were in.
i need some kind of distraction.
so please, just... let him go.
we dont want to be a member.
i call it the nefario principle.
i love you, penny.
regina, its miles.
youre free, my friend.
youre stealing food? how could you?
hey, luke, you a fighter?
but this here is a bank. this is where you keep the water.
we cant change whats already happened.
i cant say its definitely michaels, but it looks like his boot print.
so its not surprising that your subconscious would choose a hospital to fabricate
it brings bad luck. i do not believe in luck.
i guess im thinking of things in the past tense now.
hmm?  be good, lovelies.
jack was trying to communicate with sayid and desmond on the freighter, but their sat phone ran out of juice.
my back was broken.
and it has to be made soon.
its a mine field out there!
do you have any idea who might have done this to him?
how do you mean blessed?
its the last time.
but it doesnt matter.
what you celebrating?
going out together on a boat.
we get thousands of requests for representation.
two of the recruits dropped out in the eleventh hour.
well, look on the bright side.
because albert einstein has said..
some of us. you want a drink?
it feels like that sometimes.
theres an exit over here. come on.
if your father had kept his promise..
l cant go back.
wait, ill be back in a sec.
misdirected, it could land you in the wrong place.
keep me informed of any developments.
where did you learn to drive, you jerk?
we shall overcome.
so that mr porter can adopt him.
coroners report says smack killed your boyfriend, leticia.
you done been shrunk!
tony is such a pain.
why, of course.
im gonna go back up to secure the microchip design.
i havent gotten lipreading down yet.
so, dont be so quick to write me off.
there is no other girl like you silly..
the secret service agent who came to visit you when leticia was in your office what did he want?
..but thats because i have aspergers syndrome.
lt was all over the ground.
who beat you?
dont lose that.
every persons another fix.
youre gonna see that hes so sweet and kind and good.
im sorry. i didnt mean to
..that he cant go to the students ball with you.
they did all kinds of experiments on me!
you you dont understand.
whats the big deal?
put connie back on, please. its me, frank. yeah, connie.
she needs her inhaler.
immy. immy. immy.
to go out in there and do it myself?
okay. listen to mommy. this is really important.
sayid, this is gonna work.
we still got guys inside!
youre right, you know...
okay. whatever you say.
together were gonna change the world, man.
its so pretty.
and hes trying to tell me something.
okay, i got to hang up now.
thats the only difference in human beings.
ghost couldve ratted us out a long time ago, but he didnt.
i do and we both sink.
no, she wore that all.... night long.
captain, hes gone.
you know what?
on this occasion, i want to talk something to both of you.
it was mistake. please forgive me.
if you sent that man to hurleys house, we have to leave...
prada, read out a poem. quickly.
what are you building out here?
whos to say he didnt send claire?  youre off your head, mate.
what shall i do?
he says hes got backstage passes for planners, you should come.
that was all natalie.
i dont think that anybody is trained to shoot somebody.
where are you going?
i hear youre looking for me.
distant thunder crashing
hes headed through the park!
you see anything?
im just gonna go walking through the haunted damn jungle, looking for your...
the best idea right now is to stay in their homes.
we have some leads.
it just... lands in l.a. safe and sound, and none of this never happens.
yeah, bella swan.
ill be back.
looks like jerky.
they hit me.
were okay, mom.
yeah, went psycho... when you found out your wife was fucking a real marine, you punkass bitch?
my last review condemned it
i dont believe he just said that.
that the computer, the button, its just a mind game?
take my hand.
send her, she seems to be better. send her.
i gave my and in kondapur for land development, he promised 5050 on signing agreement, after completion of work, he tore the agreement and left me with nothing, and beat me too, brother.
says its about a friend of yours.
you knew where it was because he was bringing you back to the states.
when we get down to the lower levels, the pain will be less intense.
im gonna bring it on in spades.
no, poonam singh.
how did you do that?
he asks a girl, marry me, my baby.
and were next. nuke em.
switching to camera 2.
having to stay away from you or being a jerk about it.
..and i want my wishes three.
well, where can we find this flower?
right behind you. theres a bloody moth in here.
hey. what the hell are you doing?
stop touching everything!
get us out!
my name is caesar. whats yours?
mine! mine! mine!
no, i cant!
hey hang on!
now you get them off the main or consider yourself shitcanned, too!
and we can.
ok, yeah, fine!
ill give you a long head start.
we had a deal.
i have a gift a purpose and a destiny.
you stay calm, you go home for dinner, you understand me?
somethings got me.  that was me. im sorry.
i just need more time with her.
even if you tell me to think thousand times my answer will be same.
now, maybe if im paying less, say, 5,000 less...
thats an order!
i put it beside his bed.
because sandys brother has arrived.
now, we had an arrangement.
claire, this way, here we go.
its a part of it! its a vital part of it!
well, as much as id like to learn to feather my hair,
good morning, sarah.
will you translate?
aunt wouldve heard about it.
you think itll be done in time?
listen, smith, i need you to back me up out there today, all right?
oh thanks..where did u find it?
so i guess jim knows?
and whens that gonna happen?  could be five minutes.
take the eagle. if you find horses, come back.
there were penalties too.
of course we can meet, yeah.
yeah, i got that.
food, glorious food... were anxious to try it....
may i come in?
and ill promise something to you in return.
mans got what i call an overzealous work ethic.
i  im afraid im not following you.
if i didnt know for sure burrows pulled that trigger,
i dance very well. come, jenny.
its called selfconfidence. for the first time, im not repressing my feelings. im free.
i think my lovely daughter would agree that you are the most impressive person whos ever had dinner with us.
polar bear poop.
principal kwans gonna be in the hospital till over the weekend.
theres a right way and a wrong way to do things.
what, no questions?
and nobody is gonna stop me.
yeah, well, you mustve hurt his feelings.
thats what you think.
dont be ridiculous, lex. im happy youre doing well.
be advised, enemy have heavy assault weapons.
no. im probably gonna be late tonight too.
and when you three woke up in the barn, alison was gone,
l spend sleepless nights counting stars in the sky
why havent you told him yet?
hey, cooker, dont touch me.
agent scully, thank you for coming on such short notice.
well get back to you.
okay. come on.
our contract is for a week.
because we got a ton of heat on us, for one thing.
you tell me.
same reason you dont put cats and dogs in the same cage.
i dont wanna understand! stop!
please, can you bring this book?
come here, girl.
and what was he screaming..
lana, whats going on?
naw, you shouldve shot me five years ago on that fire escape.
we dont really know her.
i want you to meet the first lady.
im warning you, devon.
but there is something missing.
youre only getting married once. worry about 300 bucks?
it was simple.
i have more bad news for you.
okay, okay, okay, all right!
it gets easier.
hank, call the sheriff.
its exactly like that.
there wont be any problem.
are you sure?
you are quite a soul reader yourself, edward.
its only five days old.
i have it under control.
he just finished serving five at chino.
is it 2 am now?
maybe ill ask him to prom.
bounty is mine, motherfucker!
i wanted to know what happened the day of the accident.
hello, chef skinner.
tell a select few, we post them as sentries here and at the caves.
what do you think i should do?
good. very brave.
afraid of what?
can you cover us, sergeant?
this is beautiful.
all we gotta do is get in there on pi... and dig ourselves an onramp.
dont you think its weird hes carrying that?
the roof of the licenseplate factory needs resurfacing.
okay, ill see you at 700.
i dont care anymore.
doesnt that look good?
drag marks here, and here.
give him a chance.
its a microwave projector.
this is for your new life, away from my daughter.
boys night out.
i want my mommy!
no way. no.
its in the genes.
im not gonna do it. so if you wanna get back, we gotta leave right now, sir.
sir, were getting late.
there was no way ahead.
theres a whole lot of real estate in between here and the outside walls.
i wont go anywhere without rizvan.
locke told us what happened.
i bet their house is made of gummi bears.
i know you can hear me.
we are running for lives and you want to attend interview.
hows the cripple...!
sarah has been joined by four men,and they are armed.
i became the man i was hunting.
let me tell you something, sargnt.
welcome to the family.
what does he mean respond correctly?
and look where he ended up.
sir, youve got it wrong
damn doctors say i need a transplant.
what good would that do?
you saw stuffed animals and train tracks.
why aint you smiling? oh, shit.
climb aboard, explorers.
you go out.
right. well, sorry to interrupt.
i, um  i got a couple of leads, but...
judy... theres someone i need to tell you about.
ben knows where theres a boat.
but this has nothing to do with your father, penny.
whats this drama, brother? its danger if duggal knows tt.
you know that the child with blue hair was the goodhearted fairy who had lived in that wood for more than a thousand
those seats we took off the fuselage, they float.
alex, come on, lets go.  come on.
the day your plane crashed. its real!
well, your dad lost his job, didnt he?
there was a hearing today. the judge ordered a 30day extension.
theres no reason that the containment system.
they liked the soup.
im sorry, son, shes gone.
were being told now by a spokesperson for the public utilities commission that this employee will be held accountable.
i left you where they would find you.
no word on what caused the initial disturbance, but sources with the...
i think it rotted my brain.
how do we get it off without damaging the paint job underneath?
whats going on?
its a territorial threat display, do not run or hell charge.
its been scouring the depths of the sunda trench off bali...  so what happened? they found that missing plane?
really? you wouldnt switch if you could?
remarkable job on the russian history essay.
i wont blame you.
how are we goanna lure it there?
thats what you think you got, old man?
its just something that i
in here. in the armoury.
you were right. the newspapers, the police reports, what i told phelan.
i wanted to go further.
you missed the funeral.
we have investigated everything..
i think we should do it.
you really are paranoid.
how long does it last?
no escaping death
mom asks if youre upset about a girl.
kent, why arent you in the locker room suiting up?
was she driving?  yeah.
good literatures scarce around here.
no, no. lts in my pack.
but you guys have been going out for months.
she said that it was a sign that i should seriously reconsider cheerleading.
okay. i am just coming back. give me a minute. sam..
with a handshake we could get people to do whatever we wanted them to do buy a tractor, stand on one leg.
i want to meet her, so im here.
our boys came out here, enjoyed the local salmon, which, with a little lemon twist, is just to die for.
we gotta go.
looks like a bird in the hand just became three.
a sensory toy with intelligent behavioral circuits using neuronesequencing technology as old as i am.
general, the analyst from wheeler lab is here.
i think i hit you at 60 miles an hour then you ripped open my roof, pulled me out and saved my life.
and it cost him his life.
whens your buildday?
the quileutes have been a small tribe from the beginning, but we have always had magic in our blood.
were going to take care of you.
we cant touch your little precious cullens unless they violate the treaty.
but i can speak on his behalf.
not being able to remember the day leading up to a bad car accident.
you dont seem to understand, mr. saito.
the hottest girl in our class. just want to make sure that was clear.
yes, you are.
lana told me about the talon. thanks for the call.
so where is the old man?
maybe you can tell me how he managed to split your happy little family in half.
..for their constant and silent support.
take her down.
something like that might work.
if im dying, im trying.
dont worry. today i plan on telling him exactly whats going on between us.
arent you dumb?
the sprinklers will get them nice and wet.
why would he go along with a buyout?
this is the right time.
in that hole you call a room.
heros body comes home
take ladys finger curry.. hand jee thank you you know wat?
you cant never let anything happen to him.
your friend charlotte has seen me.
it all belonged to alison.
nothing is ever truly lost.
yes, if youre cover page, would anyone dare open the magazine?
i want to locate him.
better. now it only hurts when i walk, sit, or breathe.
so how you doing?
i told them i would ask!
kiss the darkest part of my...
it wouldnt make a difference.
thats one of the ways we extract information from the subject.
i think we should go too...
so, youll be aware of the situation in which our great nation presently finds itself.
because i live at central park west.
well, wait a second.
i hear youre good with numbers.
but the boy did not care about forgiveness.
john wants me to join him.
in relationship im your father.
keep breathing. come on, stay with me.
maybe he is.
sanjay, whats her name?
that would make him more...relatable..
that seenu... don seenu.  have you found his whereabouts?
do you want to protect your friends or not, sayid?
in your competition for one upmanship, you didnt bother about your sisters lives.
who do these lawyers represent?
the night it happened.
is there any other place you want to show me, khan?
youre going to have to jump.
david, you have to tell him!
all the lives
and if you want to piss off the meat in concrete, turn up the heat.
cause you still think im d.b. cooper?
sister, do something!
and i cant wait till they shut this place down.
hello?  hello, jack. are you there?
he was the more qualified candidate and i got caught up in the whole popularity rush.
i hadnt seen a soul all night.
i was just confused.
whats even more amusing is that gusteau actually seems to believe it.
driving around in circles in the middle of the outback.
hey, kid, that aint funny.
but today if u do this marriage..u never forget that car was at the gate!
but what about the other people who ordered cookies?
sir, i am not capable of doing this.
whoa, partner. little red flag going up.
dont go back on your words if youre prithvi singhs son.
its one of the prices you pay for your abilities.
jack shepherd to the witness stand.
yes, 100 percent?
theyre bigger than the police.
if i pass, itll be on my own ability!
im not sure what happened with kyle, and its really not important because i think our friendship is worth more than one argument.
so, what exactly are we building?
now, tell me which one of these is a hindu and which one, a muslim?
romans and britons.
or below the stairs of our palace?
i came here with everyone about
no, i see it. its beautiful.
im sorry, just give me a moment to redefine my girlish notions of romance.
he went into the tent.
frank, if i may get down to it, ok...
i havent started writing it yet.
you have to leave.
get used to it.
hey! where you goin?
will you take me to the ship?
i want to be home for diwali...
she kissed me.
my fathers disappointment is perennial, only the circumstances change.
i need someone to protect me, a bodyguard.
can you drive me right now? please?
you dont do it, ill do the following.
yes, we do.
..we have on any terrorist activity.
where are your parents?
if i didnt always have to do something, you wouldnt be here.
does he have reason to worry about you?
good afternoon, jesus.
he was chewing on the lid of his coffee cup.
did you find any onegatives?
somebody help me!
youre looking kinda goth.
wireless interlinking.  of digital devices?
come.  listen to me. take me away.
you wanna protect your friends or not, sayid?
the virus is in.
while several hurricane hit areas..
you promised everything would be ready on time.
all i remember was a pop.
why do i feel like i just got dumped on?
is food the only thing that you miss?
guess youre first.
hey, guys, come on out!
jesus, for jenny im eating mutton.
i plan to make comet shaped sandwiches for the occasion.
i lied to you.
even i will come along with you.
exactly like my fathers.
lt. colonel mcknights humvee column will drive in at 1547...
rahul is a nice boy.
test, viva, quizzes included, there are 42 examz in each semester hey you worry a lot dude take this hand and keep it in your hand and say, aal iz well aal iz well all is well
charles, security can only do so much in a crowd with you carrying all these chips.
yes, he was the last victim.
i dont think it would matter what i say.
where did you get the bills?
can you get a fix on our location?
i got sob stories for you, so why dont you grab the other end of this thing and help me?
lex luthors going to be by later.
she was following you.
john please, talk to me.
i think ill stick with you guys. this way?
quiet he has the ghost of photography in his head he used to take the images of animals and used to say he wanted to become wild life photographer son what was your percentage that year?
youd be invisible.
what about?  i dont know, but it seemed important.
that was more like an earthquake.
you will never understand.
you won a cup, didnt you?
i just wish we had a plan that didnt come from some takeout menu.
put this right in your i.v. line.
..because hes already found a date.
when the...  dude, its washed.
are you lecturing me?
yeah, we got him.
its the ice cream man!
his friends are going home.
you ever fire a weapon, charlie?
were going on vacation, baby.
the captain has switched on the fasten seatbelts sign.
dude, these arent for eating.
while theyre doing their silly little impressions...
you know it.
hey, what the hells going on here?
you wanna redeem yourself for what you did?
i give you the opportunity of a lifetime, and you just blow it!
traffic is packed up as far as the eye can see..
miss austen,how do you plead?
have you seen a mammoth?
what just happened?
no one has taken that castle.
help me hello?
i know what it cost you to do what you did.
good question. too many years for me to even remember.
you know what? lets not do this.
these are handiworks of your friends.
from what i understand, miles, if the price is right, this is exactly your thing.
did sam get to you?
im not getting back in the vehicle.
what did you learn?
to have someone to talk to... to touch.
you run fast.
your delusional quest just ruined my life!
were in love!
would it have been the worst thing in the world? yes!
no, im not!
i owe it all to you, ramona.
kept his word.
figured, you know... thanks.
..outside the bathroom was waiting for someone else.
not letting him?
so that leaves me with the simplicity of the grapefruit or the complexity of the pineapple.
he never thought hed see you again.
too small! this is too small for me! i hate that guy!
ill go out with seenu, brother.  okay.
well, thats what i get for not going to the expert in the first place.
theyre gonna kill him in there, you know that.
dude, you feeling okay?
dont you hold back, just give it away
ill change and be back...
theres no one else in widmores organization that we need to go after.
amusing title, anyone can cook!
i dont know this... this dorian gray.
petes convinced if he puts my name on enough wall space, ill win.
no..who are u guys?
how dare he sends a man to love his sister?
with this plan, you dont get the bad pr.
theyll look at it as an act of foolishness.
hey, if she is, she obviously dont want to talk to you.
if youre gonna say something, youre gonna have to speak...
what do you think?
well, at least youll have a nice picture to daydream about in saturday detention.
payback for lucas.
yeah. this is aaron.
the guy was already dead.
look out, coming through.
thats how they move up and down.
ive heard that the pindaris..
clark was just telling me your meteor theory. i like it.
if im going to move on this there cant be the least little shred of doubt.
now, where is this dear little friend youve told me so much about?
markus kane will not show you the same type of loyalty that youve shown him.
why would i waste my gift on a woman
how do you know hes alive?
we should let jack treat him first.
how did this happen to your village?
i saw him while escaping from him.
64 going down.
rheumatic fever? no.
that is the only thing i know.
no youre not, shannon.
not just said it, i had proved it to him directly.
with a cup of cocoa while were on...
what are you doing here?
he took aang again.
i came in hot, saw the suspect run across the street with a tec9.
you think youll be ready by tomorrow?
that doesnt mean im mad. oh, no, no, no, no. im very intelligent.
look, im sorry.
youre sure youre ok?
before it hits the city.
she shot jude. i was just trying to protect her.
i sure do. right there.
we were supposed to meet at the torch.
yeah. thats the plan.
no, no, no you just name the time and the place.
get strueckers column back out there.
but youre a coward.
its not what you think.
your father doesnt like me.
and were your family, isnt it?
..by trusting his son.
come on, ill take a look.
sometimes i call him rick.
it was his job to be unexpected.
but we will send them a message.
ladies and gentlemen, we are interrupting our regular broadcast to bring you extraordinary events taking place in the russian republic.
you guys used to be the fun table.
may i have a word with you?
besides that fatal amount of painkillers they found fragments of an unknown green stone embedded in his skin.
i got it.
tak dhina din
now officially retired.
hes bringing her.
please dont... dont harm him!
what are you saying?
he acknowledged that whatever neuroses drove the criminal to commit the original crime is compounded, magnified by flight, by the sounds of dogs at his heels.
but not because you didnt know it.
jenny, i wanted to say something to you.
you were there for 14 days
the blue fairy made pinocchio into a real boy.
thats great! thats like winning the sweepstakes.
12 years ago, eddie had more clients than he could handle.
no, son, i think it did.
well, accidents happen when you torture people, jack.
harry, youre my oldest friend...
why dont you kill me now?
you all right there, hugo?
im not sure anything happened.
yes granny, its him.
is she inside? emily!
right there! i see it! i see it!
haddads very thorough.
so we just...
i cant shake em.
im happy to try.
you mean nobodys told you?
you know, jacking that news chopper had a.j. written all over it.
i mean, we dont even know each other.
if we bring them in in the middle of an uncontrollable molecular reassembly, were worse than dead.
are you dangerous?
i thank you all... and will ask of you the honor to be the first to... offer my congratulations to your beautiful daughter.
i need to know why you believe that thing wasnt gonna...
theres no way he can get in without being seen.
i would die to get samples.
so, youre religious, huh?
ill just get you something in a minute.
junk knows how to steer?
i made a choice, and im sticking to it.
did nine years for it.
but how can you know for sure?  we just know.
where is that silly principle?
leave me, veer.
words dont always do justice my friend
what are you gonna do with this newfound freedom?
and now i have to answer for that.
my spy on the freighter is michael.
county dispatch, this is sheriff carver.
can i get you a water or...?
i should listen to you!
what do you think?
nah. they already shaved my back.
who is the betrayer?
youre in my spot.
do you know she was picked to give the graduation speech?
what was he doing inside your tent?
she said someone very close to me would...
youre the only person who can help us because, desmond...
sir, we have visual range with incoming over iraqi air space.
wind speeds are holding up at 95mph.
i heard you mention tanya walker.
if the sheriff was available, he wasnt the one guarding fibonacci.
i found scrolls in the library.
yeah, thats right, hombres.
you should go away.
i think i can.
will they hate me
c2, shughart and gordon are on the deck. over.
phil one of my security guys got himself a videotape of me and kate taking the kid out to the hostiles.
honey, can you hear me?
well, the good news is, you dont have to run anymore.
you know how much it means to me.
this ought to be good.
fat, fat, fat, fat, fat.
he kept saying you were misunderstood.
and as it is not every woman is lucky like your wife.
you think thats where they keep the kids?
you did, didnt you?
youve been on a deserted island for over two months and you havent dropped ten pounds.
nobody you miss. and no one misses you.
today i see that jackass reading watership down.
walter must have told me about it.
graceful, theyre graceful.
do you still feel that destiny doesnt want us to meet?
we are using his car always. he rarely asks for his car.
..for this rare orchid.
time is right now.
how about i call you by your first name?
i havent had a chance to call you back.
our man got a problem here.
yes, explain yourself.
its not much, but its what we have.
im going back.
let me give you a kiss.
where are you now?
okay, maybe you got the cross streets wrong.
but yet this crazy weaves dreams.
im excited youre going to join the crew.
i just need you to believe that.
what do we do?
the man threatens to kill one of us, and what?
you believe in that... luck?
jess, i dont even know this guy.
the girl lost the tickets.
im taking my car with me.
aria why are you waiting until now to tell us?
okay, im gonna need a little more time to consider.
were long hood lead back. its a different situation.
of course i did and you stole my heart with it...
try to keep your mind off it?
i hope youre ready.
if you let me again, master, ill make it more better.
so im gonna go and see jacob, right now.
miss alicia larde.
well, you havent lost your touch.
you are the most beautiful bride in the world!
..why dont you adjust yourself?
woman cant bake worth shit.
so, how long are we losing you for, my boy?
how hard it has been to keep all of this from you,
ls it you who spoke now?
look sign on this.
how many shovelfuls of earth?
got to be careful of falling in love
my aunt said you had an indoor pool.
think i dont see how you look at her?
the most honorable friend a guy could ever ask...
cause hes my brother.
no, john, i didnt know that.
could be worse.
we can regroup to fight another day.
did you hear that?
yo, dudes, got a new tourney lined up.
your wee little boots?
pop in some holes, you got showers.
yeah. im pretty sure i know how to say faster and idiot.
i dont think its a good idea.
because he was trading with them
im betting that they will.
do ive to come to khandal for that dog?
everybody, just calm down.
sorry. i didnt mean to blow you guys off.
oh cmon d!
trust you? i dont know you!
it seem youve a gift for me, what is it?
why dont we go away together.
bill, thanks for coming.
only those who commit mistakes bow their heads, not those who love, seenu.
he left his wallet.
siva, look behind.
never underestimate the need for the clinically ambitious to pad their resumes.
but i wont talk to you again.
i have to go.
ah, you gotta love this place.
thank you doctor.
dont worry. chloes the queen of obscure and irrelevant references.
he told you what to do but he didnt tell you how because he wants me to suffer the consequences.
negative, awing is evacuating and locked down.
they pretended like nothing happened. so i talked to vincent.
did you tell locke you gave me a statue from the plane?
edward, you have to trust me.
its gonna be 200.
its public record d.b. cooper jumped out of that 727 about an hour after take off.
youre part of a team, youre making friends.
no, no, its okay.
i just want us to make smart choices.
i get stung by one bee, i swell up like a grapefruit, but over a hundred...
hes a liberal.
save some for your brothers.
i need... a pregnancy test.
thats the road to the swan.
can you get me out of here?
yeah, but thatd be like...
hes already dead.
its not working.
ralf, you promised.
not on my truck, dude!
were almost there.
let em pass.
then, theyll get really mad and start asking,
its true. innocent lives will be lost, in service of a greater good.
its too much compromise.
how long is it supposed to take?
i hate shopping.
and i dont want my stuff back.
no, hes just a boy from school who said he has backstage passes, when actually, he doesnt!
im on oceanic flight 81 5.
talk to me.
locke said that he left you in the hatch when he went to hide the guns, and we both know you cant track worth a damn.
you better have a damn good reason for trespassing.
come on, we dont want to be late.
you are my prisoner airbender.
there is nothing i can do about this.
lock down all the gates!
shes in real estate, so she knows a little something about presentation.
what kills me is that i know im right. i just wish i could get them to see it.
i didnt kill him.
im not a chicken, okay?
do you think i am?
this is all her play to get her hands on the guns.
i need your help.
im really impressed.
theres a hostage situation and a potential bomb.
hows my favorite writer?
ok. so, what if we found you teachers. teachers to teach you bending?
ignore the fact that the man i married is a monster!
i believe you know the type.
no product can make you beautiful. thats rude.  no, no.
she walked into the street and got hit by a car.
i can judge on seeing.
thats the date they, uh... you know... execute me.
one rule only. you gonna do something.
i wanna talk to you.
get some sleep.
bhaiyya... save me.
hydrozoa, scyphozoa   anthozoa, ctenophora, bryozoas, three
you, too, hurley.
and the way you insult me?
they didnt kill her.
she was a firebending prodigy.
enjoy your punch. snickers
struecker, talk to me!
girls is...fire...burn if you touch it.
hey, perfect fit.
lf that battery runs out...
of course i trust you, clark, but
victorias just using you to distract me.
though your brain is empty.
and what will he do next?
maybe his parents abandoned him in the woods like tom thumb.
youve saved my baby.
take the wrong train and get stuck somewhere.
heres your journal.
im sorry, i didnt get your name.  quinn.
could you you help me?
youre not gonna take off when they put me under.
and its where your mommy and daddy... fell in love.
its not wise to embrace death knowingly.
that didnt come out right.
she didnt say...
are you all right?
you draw from stuff you know, right?
you dont want my help, youre gonna have to get it from somewhere else.
if you fix your sons marriage with my sister on the same day, itll be like beating narsing with a slipper.
you have your life now
kind of way. i actually quite enjoy it.
what are you guys doing?
youre not going anywhere.
i am poking him!
i brought you some extra blankets.
whats he doing down there?
son, in my opinion, all inmates who have made that choice have deeply regretted it in their final minutes.
one with a large heart... the other with a large pocket to pay the bills.
you know i cant swim.
hes actually in the main hall.
we both be better off dead.
anyway l have just completed my final term and... im coming home for diwali.
thanks, i was going for professional.
i want you gone by morning.
is this too much?  no.
wash your car?
no touching, okay?
come here, boy, come.
yet will you help me?
im not saying youre entirely innocent either.
you are so stubborn and hard headed...
he is the only person in the building who has enough experience.
this is not the right place for you.
its just too much politics.
and by the weekend he was due back we had enough rocks saved up to keep him busy till rapture.
i shot myself with that stuff every nine days for three years.
you should talk. you had me in the pool, and you didnt take your chance.
im done playing your reindeer games, fish.
i told you i stopped believing in happy birthdays a long time ago.
if you think i care that youre a celebrity, you crashed your camaro in the wrong neighborhood.
and you have their tomorrow...
ive come to delhi only to look for you.
i have made a very big mistake.
this low gravity will make you soft.
i dont know what youre talking about.
i know its not. im so sorry.
ii got a fare.
i have a chip on both shoulders. chuckles maybe youre just better with the old integers than you are with people.
you left the cab?  yeah. and it gets worse.
someone is outside.
its okay, maggie.
woman speaking, indistinct   man  go, trey! go!
i dont know what aaron means.
where is the right place?
see, when that takes off, im on it.
he may not be the one pulling the switch, but you and i both know he has the power to grant clemency, and he wont, and he never does.
yeah, touch me again, huh?
good. let it out. you okay?
i will go only with him to the prom.
hundreds of millions of people starved in poorer countries.
super 61 is hit.
..it will make your product famous in the market.
she was ok with letting you fly in your third trimester?
i hate to tell you this, dont waste your time, but i happen to know theres no god.
..and go back to being a genie again.
we gave him lots of love... right.
dont worry. youve been excused.
forget him, son.
you were there that night, 15 years ago, in barrys house.
a lot of us dont wanna sit here waiting for news.
you all right, sweetheart?
come fast...it will melt...
guess where we are.
going after sperling like that, not my finest hour as a teacher.
hey...hey...why are you going there when im here?
air travel, its a different animal.
these are moments i regret.
open the door to rooms you got no business opening?
when men are bored of the routine things..
gru! gru, can you hear me?
nothing like that..it was my duty!
what did your mother say about me?
departing from gate 15. for those of you on the standby list,
your check is being denied due to insufficient funds?
sir, if you pay us, well take leave.
and i will help her get ready at the wedding...
nitroglycerine is the most dangerous and unstable explosive known to man.
boy, it sure is clear up here.
we never should have gone through the jungle.
tomorrow is his fiftieth birthday.
what did you mean by that?
they aint got nothin for us! lets push it!
there is still time to surrender.
take your positions.
ill feel better.
lakshmi is good lady.
or havent you been paying attention?
dont worry, ill get them.
i said whos in charge?
i just live right down there.
new category, please.
i dont understand. how did you get back to new york?
we can ask her.
you wanna take away my chance to be somebody?
i want to grow old with you.
well, im trying to find an old friend of mine that works there.
where are laura and zane?
careful, clark, you almost sound a little jealous.
are you sure this is where you saw her?
every time i ask you whats wrong, you push me away.
theres another bridge right over there.
so, how long, john, to change the combination?
im really sorry, sofiya.
that kind of love could get me arrested.
no, sir. not especially.
kind of defined our relationship. now we need to redefine it.
its party time.
we have the accused at the scene of the crime. we have footprints.
what are we gonna do when we get to ann arbor?
you gave me a home and a family.
send text now.
havent been out here in a while.
tell him lex luthors coming to see him.
those people arent your friends.
i think its best if i carry on from here by... by myself.
bea, youve gotta give me a chance here. come on.
this is the police. get off the roof. you are being asked to evacuate for your own safety.
nothings going to happen to me.
pick up the phone, monica!
behavior like that will not be tolerated in my prison.
what do you guys want?
she said that somebody else was behind the killing of the vice presidents brother.
is my hand on the piece?
nah, man, theres something foul in here.
dont you dare touch her, do you understand.
i thought itd be bigger.
dont let that beurre blanc separate. keep whisking.
he says what he says and he does what he does because he has to.
any calls for me?
what are you talking about?
i dont know where hes been lately.
are you or are you not going to rescue us?
just now! he just ran away!
and another thing...
thats just about the size of it.
i promise you a very rewarding...
its not like im even an immigrant!
and by the way, i have been here before.
whats this childishness on road?
i thought i saw her come in.
yeah, but it... it looks purple.
because if someone at that house is a threat, you might hesitate... but i wont.
wait, i think ive got something.
make it through the night?
guys, whats wrong with this picture?
you guys are crazy.
brother, hes a very nice man.
your mothers right, son. well just keep our heads low.
im thinking bigger picture.
hell be out of the picture soon enough.
okay, i was here.
exactly where did you say you were from?
where were you before the game on saturday?
one three one this is the dispatcher go ahead
stop your rattling.
did you just see that?
i dont look like you.
look, youve got to be careful.
do you know an average genies age?
just stay the hell out of it!
i dont know. i was thinking about going,
okay. easy, man. how we doin on the pugnac?
farhan, today was ur interview..right?
we still have to name them.
put me down for two.
a few lucky members of the tribe have the gene.
clark, i had to be objective.
and if you do, i will sever all ties with you.
please dont call the police.
what do you suggest, old sp...
respond to it.
listen, ill explain everything once youre out,
and its pushing the unit all over the place.
cant you make out the difference between a gandhian indian..
dont beat a don!
something you once knew.
sister, please dont jump.
your uncle is family.
hey, you saw a story and you went right for it.
i would see a young boy waiting at the back of the church.
they used to call you the man with no name.
it was in here!
the girl left with the driver. ladyluck came and gave a bounty, will you please lower the volume?
who did you say you were?
michael,you have less than two minutes
what the hell were you thinking?
we could collect nuts!
whats the matter?
you cant hit me, i wear glasses.
did you lose someone?
its not until were older that we develop the desire to be free.
i doubt it could have been him, clark.
former medford police officer, 57 years old.
the beanery declared war. if you wanna hold on to this place, get creative.
by day, a lovely princess. by night, a hideous ogre.
am i like my mom?
so tell me, how did it feel writing that?
the only will that truimphs is the will ofthe lord.
hurry!  im trying.
now, for your own safety and the safety of those around you, metallic objects must never be placed within the vault.
so, what are you gonna do about it?
oh, beatrice, i buried this baby a long time ago... and i figured id find it again someday when i was ready.
the deal closed today.
theyve only been gone a few days...
our curses have brought her to this condition.
i got to tell my mom.
somebody help me.
lets see about your future, shall we?
cant you just feel the vitamin d soaking up in your pores?
youre the last person i expected to find here.
yeah. but he might be a problem.
ill be right back.
but i didnt expect ill be travelling to bombay.
whats going on, guys?
ill do it right here.
..tats my pant..
well, so much for our head start.
please dont despise me.
when i see him there in the hospital so weak it kills me because thats not my father.
you used to believe that a single kiss could solve everything!
... iwasreadytogive upeverything.
we got more control now.
its known as murder here.
ill take it.
we dont talk to servants.
you ruined her life!
i should have explained further.
convince me to do what?
hey, terminal island is not about rehabilitation.
you carry on, ill order.
call the field trip!
is anybody hit?
saw me in a bangalore bus?
you dont want me to treat you like my daughter?
ladies and gentlemen, we have begun our descent into moscow.
say, would you mind running back to my room and getting me a scarf?
lm not a guest.
there are always ways to keep the volturi in the dark.
do you know dr. steven hamilton?
dont beat, hell behave properly from tomorrow.
what are you doing here?
i had to bring all four of you back, or they said id never see my son again.
commander zhao, there are certain things humankind should not tamper with.
all right, move it out.
probably good for a week, if that.
but were all here now, and god knows how long were gonna be here.
and someday you will.
who do you want to ask, the speck?
woman professor nash!
yeah, im just...
what the hell were you doing?  youre right. sorry.
thats not why im here, though.
i was in prison. not away.
call up those numbers. find out who they are.
you think an important person like constance will be listed?
thats where your home is?
why would they do that?
dont take that tone.
picking up a little korean?
at least hear him out!
no matter how old i get, ill always be younger.
no, no, no! freeze ray! mr gru?
i taped over the game.
cant we do them right now?
our plane never crashes...
no. no, i couldnt give the police much. i didnt remember anything for a long time.
so this is what youd call a small gathering, right?
as you can imagine, they... they dont let us out much.
i can lie low there, maybe sniff out a job when things quiet down.
no room at the inn.
the policeman got killed in an accident. after that he came after me, to kill me.
the wreckage was obviously staged.
people will gather anywhere as long as theres alcohol and the chance of hooking up.
between second and third floors.
ive faced the barren waste
okay, bill, lets cut the bullshit.
did you like my dance?
where did you go?
thats exactly what im talking about.
i remember reading his obituary.
so they all left?
im sweet and i also lie very well.
come with me, please.
thank you, im so happy.
you need some help?
i think thats why you and i dont see eye to eye sometimes, jack.
ahh! go suck air through a reed!
you know, claire, we are a national organization.
everyone needs some reassurance.
this is the only way.
think of this place like a map of the u.s.
ok. im on my way.
lets just say it would be in everyones best interest if a fire were to start in there.
didnt he tell you about his time in prison?
live from terminal island, televisions most violent, most disturbing, and most watched programme in human history.
hey,is this your mommy? honey,is this your mommy?
so this is johnny farrel. ive heard a lot about you.
hes all yours.
baby, theres a slight problem.
know that i left this camp out of shame for what i did to you.
if i didnt, youd never have a reason to be angry with me.
ill do it. thats me.
you lied to me.
were supposed to open it.
you must help john.
right before i killed him.
isnt this all just ghastly?
saved royce for last, so hed know i was coming.
kelly, i really believe youre making the right choice.
you should have tits, you re standing so close!
he was once human, ruler of his lands
maybe he never had a chance before he died.
ready to fall in love, mr charlie pace of the legendary rock band, drive shaft?
believe me, i know that the treatment can feel worse than the disease... but theyre just trying to fix you.
only to have it crushed!
thats gotta be my alltime worst nightmare.
youre being hunted.
you must conduct chandu and charis marriage.
i said back on your number!
yo, cool it.
what are you looking at?
his mother, maybe?
how are things with chloe?
do i have it?
what are you doing here?
is it you who thought about me?
and he knows my name.
will you stay with us?
the child is about to die.
did you see anyone leave the beach last night?
i wanna speak to detective welles!
right this way, please.
you think shes still alive?
you are a gifted strategist.
keep her in your sights!
their strength is their devious mind.
all stations, this net. standby for sitrep.
we should be touching down in just a few minutes.
thats not exactly how it happened.
without the sandwich, itll tip the scales.
besides, these kids look up to me..
it wasnt us.
is your name aarush?
please, forgive me.
hey, i want these in the other room.
radzinsky made some edits.
hey, im serious.
its your restaurant.
i am very, very sorry, sir!
we dont anymore.
let me out!
yes. you can ask him.
i believed you and you lied!
ill take that chubby fatass there.
what are you waiting for?
look where we are grace.
nothings over while im breathing.
lm so restless without you.
what are you offering?
then tell me, ambrister, how could it be popular?
still in one piece?
you went to meet her with flowers?
tron was created by alan for the old system.
im gonna skin you alive, boy!
leave it all, will get half rate if i resell it, right?
i will split up my fathers empire.
well have the element of surprise.
no, you cant.
new plan. youre gonna just sink your way right off the island.
you should be happy.
you, come on. lets go shake him up.
i dont suppose you have 42,000 more of those, do you?
id give you a cigar, bernie, but im fresh out.
well, well, well.
hey, baby girl! marcee giggles
well worry about that once we pick up hugo.
now were moving through the jungle...
youre sure you know what youre doing, yeah?
visibility is at zero.
i need whats left.
you got a name?
the attacks are getting worse.
these are the guys were after.
hey, i asked you a question, man.
thank you but i need to know where that oncoming train is.
dont give me unprepared!
put us on the sub.
hes ten years old.
i dont care. he was armed and he was watching you.
all right. ten ways to tell if hes a sensitive man.
prithvi, well deal with them later.
what are you doing out here?
the ricans, we got genetically higher blood pressure, you know that?
a little oversimplified, alice.
most of the time now, he just mends boots.
so what can i do to help?
you know, its bad enough that everybody in this hospital thinks the only reason i got this residency is because youre my father.
with baby. no.
they should enter our atmosphere within the next 25 minutes.
are you still there?
killing me is better
he killed him who shouldve been killed by us.
you do this back home too?
i will warm the water.
cause thats where were going.
you cant help me?
does that mean if you do it to aaron and something happened to us, that we wouldnt be together?
i could have monica give her a call.
aaron is a beautiful name.
hey, give me that back!
..when you were very young, around six or seven.
im all right. im actually feeling a little better now. thanks.
she cant defeat me!
absolutely not. we need him,kate. itll generate tremendous sympathy.
believe me, sean, youre not her type.
theyre trying to frighten me into surrendering.
now that your trackers gone, how are you gonna find our camp without me?
i was born and brought up there, you know?
and you know, father..
i thought you were too sick to come outside or pick up the phone when i call.
thats what im teaching.
she calls me if the milk curdles.
so how do we catch somebody that even i cant keep up with?
its not coming out, though, janet.
ive been told that...
we promised wed never bring up the jenna thing again, remember?
save something for tomorrow night.
he told us only good things.
sun tzu, machiavelli, nietzsche they were the voices that nurtured me after my mother died.
that should do it.
when you said you needed time to think, you were lying.
i know them.
is this the porsche from...?
hey, why do i need this?
sign these ordination documents.
in that case you have not taken after your father in these matters.
yes ammi l will wear my new shimmering embroidered outfit.
devon, weve been all through this.
i hope you are ready for your big surprise because this is one of sitkas greatest treasures.
she was institutionalized. a few times.
...on the playground.
hell not answer for that name.  how should i call him then?
you slapped me. they are nothing to you.
ill handle it. keep an eye on...  great.
okay. whos gusteau?
it means i wish i were like you.
i want direct pressure on the wound.
hi, handsome. did you have a good sleep?
dont talk about my daughter.
i just wanted to put you at ease, thats all.
sir machine is anything that reduces human effort sir will you please elaborate...?
you were underwater.
bens never gonna get me now. thank you.
i dont even know where to start. uh...
we dont even know what it does!
hey, when did nell put the shop up for sale?
whats that truth?
like he had on an invisible coat that would shield him from this place.
when the principal scolds him, he says
in ancient rome, the winning gladiator was the recipient of gifts.
what are you looking for, ray?
i mean, i wouldnt have done that.
every member of this team was selected for a specific purpose.
trust me, its there.
yes, were trying the same philosophy.
theres no reason to rush into
just be really careful, okay?
anybody thought that today we will get something to learn new..?
i know im late, but if i can get an application...
they would tell me to gather the others so that they could do tests.
im going to find a loophole, my friend.
yeah, and red here was wearing a vest, which means her posses gonna come expecting a gunfight.
well, i think that words been derogated in the media these days, but in the classic sense of the word, yes, i do.
all right, kids, feel free to explore... but stay close.
we must move quickly before they turn
my son has turned into a complete englishman.
wish we could do something a bit more exciting, though.
screw you. you do not have the slightest idea what i am thinking.
youre that cop with the little girl.
i heard voices, i saw flashlights, i know that kids like to party and as you know, i dont like company.
the infinite staircase.
these parties are terribly dull, dorian.
it all seems so perfect...
anyone thats a threat is expendable.
oh, my god!
you must go now.
aeeeeeeeeee sir ji..u got d wrong glass..big sir is in this
shh. be quiet.
what is this place?
no, it wasnt.
of course theres a crash.
in a couple of days, ill recover the 40 crores also.
new arrivals here are happy to discover that life in the camp is not all work.
i need to be back on the street. please.
saito will never make it, will he?
why dont you go out of this house?
what if you try focusing it, you know, like a telescope?
i made this for you.
it should be possible, if you can get the right references.
dont you forget that.
i love you, grace!
i get why you pretended to like me.
yes, without the oops.
look, look, look.
dont beat me, bhavani.
but im here now.
i was gonna tell you in class, but here you are.
i just wanna know whats going on.
i earned a rest. you can pick up the slack for me, cant you?
trying to boost the transceiver signal.
oh stop it!
theres a ford near beruna.
youre the only one who can get in and out of that thing.
shes a teenage girl, ella.
ramona wants a hardboiled egg if we have any.
oh, god. now what?
...so who spends your wedding night with you?
it doesnt matter where.
i do, governor, but this is still my prison.
dont you get it?
please start the car.
which is why i think we should make the most of the time that we have.
where did you get that idea?
classes will dull your mind.
but you gotta promise me that youll let me go when your boys show up.
trust me, thats not gonna happen.
i lost someone too, essam.
if it had been just one man,
ill show you why we must, uncle.
youre safe. come on.
and i wouldnt hire you without them.
our country is so weird..there is a guarantee for pizza to reach in 30 mins..but ambulance!
were all tweaked. lockes feeling it like the rest of us.
i need you to take me back to the frenchwoman, rousseau.
in the words of my generation, up yours!
have you closed all the doors?
remember, if you do not fulfill their responsibilities, i have power to arrest and imprison you.
give that back to me.
i like what youve done with the place.
guess im not the only one on the outs with the doc.
no birds, no deer.
itll be a lot worse if you move, okay?
but it was inspired of you... bribing my niece just to talk to me, mr. moneybags.
youre not sick, clark, youre just not yourself.
the entire valley is gonna flood!
so how long are you in la?
i am going to meet the president of the united states.
l asked her but got no reply...  hello.
you can see my house from here.
ill see you in a minute.
when you figure that out,
you have been in my stash. you snake.
yeah, im fat.
or i could take you, if you dont mind riding in the squad car.
must have been interesting.
you didnt say three.
claire, i wanna meet you.
that was beautiful. that was really beautiful.
when god takes away something, he gives something.
i am very, very sorry to hear that.
its a hunch.
up to school walls will do.
you and your team will come to meet me at the signal, and we will go in together.
sarah, i want to. im going to.
what are you doing?
if i had only known that bastard guddu would run at the first sight of the police
you were saying that in the dream.
eighty francs a kilo.
you all right down there?
theres been a restructuring.
gentlemen, thanks for your patience.
but these bosses too.. i swear!
the truth is that you lied to me.
now, i had requested light armor and ac130 spectre gunships...
what do i do?
l dont know where beera is
! why dont you leave me and my son alone?
i cant be there sir.
that was different.  why?
now go get a brew and chill out.
jodi, come on!
we can pull that cot in here.
is that like poison ivy?
what happened with sawyer?
can you get it for me, or not?
no, im not, but i got some information on the crash.
except, you know, classy.
now would probably be a good time to look for other employment options.
or has worked for the government in some law enforcement capacity.
he didnt say anything to you about it?
anyway. i will see you.
between the kind of things people say about me and the things im not proud of dont leave a lot of room.
is there nobody who can fight with me?
all the relatives wanted to come on the convocation day in that case call make a phone call to your dad son please please dont waste my time hurry
unlike me, whos really you, whos got more important things to do.
yeah, we got new hats.
every so often, andy would show up with fresh bruises.
tell our heart no problem baby everything is ok aal iz well aal iz well hm so that will solve problem ?
but she was possessed by a terrible curse.
just stay in the car.
isnt it the one?
but the others killed them.
oh, you just missed your bus, youd better hurry.
so last week, one of his regulars gets a little too sauced, starts running his mouth off about his glory days as a grifter.
do you know where he is?
i had hoped that it would be on more familiar terms by now.
go, go, go, go!
i called you here to give you relief.
do you have any idea where he went?
four, including me.
hey, i told you...
okay, dad, please, just dont worry about that.
jin doesnt speak english.
we are oddities of nature you and i
thank you. ah, thank you so much.
out there, beyond the horizon. past the sunset.
you did your undergraduate degree in physics.
mission successful, weve already exchanged the bag.
i promise you.
your aunt said you went riding.
then i took the best job i could, and before you know it...
wait, jake, you cant.
i thought we could walk together
were coming in for a landing.
there are still men out there.
i got in touch with crab simmonss exgirlfriend leticia.
yeah, theyre sending in a team of seismologist divers
option b being, maybe, put a wedge between us, so we fuck up on the track?
did it takes weeks or months?
over the waterfall
im so proud of you.
were done here, right? michael, dont be like that.
we have to get off this island right now.
forgot to turn the water off.
dont worry, co, all right?
what is up with you?
they have been best friends since princeton.
thought id say hey.
look at me, huh?
what happened to the other three?
ms. nadia, the ad that i have conceived..
gave me very less chance to smile.
but who were these men?
thats quite a surprise.
i will think i have sent.
and you have a way of asking questions that beg more questions.
thats in georgia, right?
these arent jack or sawyer.
good luck, pilot.
despite a few hitches, the boys came through in fine style.
its about him.
next morning she had to throw that dress in the trash can behind the motel, so her mama didnt see the...
no. i mean, i picked up on all her little hints.
a week in the hole is like a year.
i thought we was following bank robbers!
well, what can i say?
carver wants to see you.
be proud of that.
whats the matter with him?
pick up knight and meet me at the field.
but she could still change her mind, you know.
im sorry ive wasted your time.
clark, what about a meteor rock?
keep that away from the kid.
ah, hell, just take it.
and this is me keeping that promise.
boris and me.
thats thats not naomi.
she was at the field last night, got a picture of us in the sprinklers!
do whatever you want to.
but he never let me down
you came prepared, hmm?
grandma separated them at birth.
yes, frank, of course im listening to you.
it was because i hated that you were part of me.
dazzling, radiant fulfilment! all your greatest wishes.
if we let her go, theyll look at it as a sign of good faith.
come on, come on!
there is no hereafter.
uh, paper towel, this ones broken.
my little princess, we honor you.
but you see him?
itll become like sallu in 23 months.
i feel bad. he probably has that flu thas going around.
i love you, walt.
you know, i remember her funeral.
we aint got all day to get this done.
vishal, we had crossed the limits.
i came here to tell you that i...
claire, its me.
shes not baby but maiden.
you always knew that place existed, didnt you?
please let me out of here!
i must hear its echo here. slap him.
your dad is a great man, like an angel.
that wasnt very nice of your parents.
take your time, okay?
i dont have to move anymore.
i need your help!
get away from her!
how badly am i hurt? shh.
thats not usually recommended.
be careful pulling away from here.
you have only three choices.
tell me, whats your relation with anushka and that house?
and you have got to keep up, sir!
two in a row! beat that!
my name is khan, and im not a terrorist.
youve always been very gracious about us.
its deserted except for a few...
itd help if you tell me whats going on.
i know who you are, mr gray.
i was fine... until it showed up.
im not giving up.
no, i dont know.
well, it wont be a first.
but i was trying...
what are you doing in there?
how do you know it wasnt isaac who healed you?
but we know better, dont we?
how is that even possible, man?
thats just out of your control.
i can feel him.
i thought clark usually helps you guys.
are you kidding me?
how many are in there?
dont worry. i will find a job.
pantrys full of food.
do you need me to drive you home?
no peanut butter, no peanuts, no nothing.
if by some miracle you get that computer working, enter the code.
lets get him upstairs.
happy bday sweetheart!
we go any deeper, we just raise the stakes.
bella, do not ever do that to me again.
we have our own phone.
yeah, 26 is under construction.
if i win, you fire 20 percent of your work force.
itll be okay, alex.
let me get this.
ive been down
but, seriously, let me give you a ride.
ill see what i can do.
i meant you.
35 years i lived on this island, and all i ever heard was your name over and over.
i just wouldnt want to overstep my bounds.
dory! heaven knows what youre saying!
i think i can negate that energy.
michael,i do not have eyes.
oh, by the way, i talked to my publisher.
im going there as well.
but the old man spilled all the beans.
what are you whispering?
figure that makes us even for the tampa job.
actually, he was the principal for the last 22 years.
no, son, someday youll have to shoulder my burden..
and where did i find you, in the bar.
what should i praise?
grimals transaction had a profound effect on all three parties.
no matter what you do, my decision is final.
and after that i have never felt scared...
dont worry, you wont. now, lets make everything float again.
is that what this is?
lets go, were moving out now. cindy, water?
they have satellites that take pictures of your license plate.
i have this...
in reexamining your military files,
im not bringing it.
assemble on that bank!
get off me!
yeah, what about it?
no, i dont have to show you anything.
cant expect everyone to be like you, right?
why would she do that?
why not, john?
i simply adore flowers.
i aint doing it.
90 days in the shu!
shes here with two other team members and a pilot. their names
my god, michael, this place is going to kill you.
that it was my bloody purpose!
yeah, sir thompson... everything pretty good there and... you know im just thinking about my men.
jenny had called him.
youre the most prettiest, perfect girl in high school... and everybody loves you.
..we will do the operation.
no, i killed him.
i can tell you.
come on, watch it.
after completing law, i went to usa and i took my mba at harvard.
stay in the room.  croupier, for you.
what, like new vampires?
he can help you.
how come youve changed totally?
i tried him too...
it uses massive power and it cant stay open forever.
you jump off this and the only respect youre gonna get..
tonight is big bosss party!
but i got drafted and i just didnt do what it took to make the team.
they said your plane crashed in the middle of the ocean, but you show up here fine and dandy, only i cant tell anybody but you or walt,
he was talking to me!
well have a great jump today!
ive never bought off a soul in my life.
were not going to deliver cookies until we do dance class.
you dont understand. im an institution.
going dark for a minute.
bring me my things.
if we hoof it, we can make it to the beach by noon tomorrow.
hows sawyer gonna get back in?
i got their subs manifest from amy.
oh, its just... its nothing, you know.
he was shot by a cop a little over six months ago,
i have to make them come back... even if it kills me.
i guessed you may need a man like me, thats why i called you on phone.
i came out of the bedroom and there was this guy.
have fun, sonny.
forget 5 minutes..
weve gotta go.
what the hell are you talking about, radzinsky?
who assaulted him?
we want to caution our viewers that the images they are about to see are graphic in nature.
right this way, sir.
hey, you call me, welles.
she was laying on a beach somewhere.
hi, im sanjay singhania...
please ask your son to drop me at home, aunty.
keep it tight. ive got my radio
ill call you back, bye.
one of them had a list of us.
you gotta hide, man, right now. what?
presidents left please. rizvan khan who has been in the news for all his efforts in wilhemina..
you want to know anything else about me.
what the fuck do you want?
well, he didnt look dead to me.
so we have to wait until were in position.
yesterday would have been a good time to start.
i have to... do something.
and your moms phone is not reachable...
no, im fine.
aal iz well aal iz well.............ranchod baba mantra lol what is he tellin?
..will forcefully make you his wife.
it might make us run late with our program.
there is no love without sacrifice.
this stuff, it got under my skin.
move this vehicle. we have to transport the suspects.
because our friends are out in the jungle right now holding a gun at your head and his head.
come on, man, open it, open it.
presumably, if that was the case with your father, you will have informed your superiors, as is your duty.
the night that stagg went missing.
who told you you could eat those peanuts?
your buddy with the eyeliner.
thats why i wear it, sir.
you know, from world war two?
ill tell the warden.
yes, perhaps that was it.
she came to me about an hour ago,
l know it sounds crazy.
this is how itll stay forever, to remind us of the first step we took.
kind of caught it yesterday at the career fair. whats going on with you two?
were nowhere near the beach!
no, but its a big island.
im serious, mum, we dont need one.
yeah, yeah, yeah, i spoke to him this morning.
not much of a storybook ending.
i understand pressure.
my grandmother died.
i have a faculty meeting.
ill send another photo now, aunty.
one does not come unfortified to the house of hastings.
nope. a boat like that had to have left port from somewhere close.
you reconstructed all of this from memory?
you must be quick.
hey. you forgot something.
okay, lets have breakfast together.
you mind if i...?
yet so much effort was spent to conceal this from me
you want to come over tomorrow?
the girl picked this bank. picked this vault.
shut your mouth.
all right, ill check the locker room. you check the school.
i mean, did it do anything?
keep going, hell move.
so that their nervous system are in tune.
he knows a lot more than how to catch a boar.
im going right there. ill send him here.
it deflected the bullet, which was heading right toward his brain, and it came back out...
hello, kyle. wondering when youd stop by.
what did he say?
i cant hear you.
miss tate, please.
its just the 400 train,
im upset with your sister.
go away. im not home.
ld like a beer.
lucky you were there.
come on, daddys got to go.
get out the way!
if theyd have fallen into the hands of a stewardess, shed have gone to the cockpit and wed land somewhere else.
you lied to me about my mother.
no, cant say that i do.
i think the meteor shower did something to her bones.
your liberator! your luminary!
it was dark.
i detest smell of chicken and mutton.
john abruzzi john abruzzi?
you have one tactical nuclear missile were loading into this launcher under the right wing.
if you dont believe in this, you wont mind if i lift the lid and smell the flower?
lets hope, for your sake, my son doesnt find this person first and he turns out to be the avatar.
black swan, places in five.
my fellow dirtonians.
she looks just like all them girls who made fun of me.
and theyre pissed!
my dad.  got it.
i think i just figured out a way you can be useful.
shout only when youre thirsty
maybe he was in shock.
ok. ease on the gas.
i cant take that.
its the best weve got right now.
brother bloat, proceed.
several girls have been operated surgically and their kidneys have been removed.
did you give permission?
i got it.
either that or youre lying to me.
were gonna fry!
because he doesnt think i exist.
well never know what he looked like.
but not that night.
evidently there was an explosion in a gold coast apartment in chicago yesterday.
noreen? noreen? yeah.
what exactly is going on here?
ok, just watch the cake. ill go get them.
everyones fine with eric.
you know, theyre probably watching.
half a day behind. the wind always lies.
me and the boys are gonna go out tonight, continue the tradition.
come on, rivers, youre a free man.
but have a drink, courtesy of the end of line club!
i will have whatever he is having.
hello. place a dnd on room 102.
the mayonnaise is a good idea.
yeah, yeah, chewie, i know.
hey. ever since last night,
they found him dead in a gully.
but i will have to kill you first!
look, hes out of delhi at the moment.
theyll have to fire a line of sight.
bella, youre the only one he cant see coming.
the whole world thinks youre dead, mr. locke.
you dont love me, but like me.
god, dad, how about, im happy to see you alive?
well kidnap pitambars son rahul.
how you doing?
when you hear about it, youre going to be very proud.
that will come out?
do you know anyone else whos lost an entire old person in a wheelchair?
so hows the blood drive?
we should take a look around. with guns.
because of this.
same thing goes with the kid, who you were silly enough to tell the old lady that you were actually in possession of.
and now he is revealed to me... in all his glory
please dress appropriately for tomorrow.
im not crying.
major krishna rao.
norm, you all good up there?
how are you holding up?
surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience.
im sure ill find something.
please let me out of here.
were... were gonna, uh... have to, um, fly their alien craft out of our atmosphere and dock with it.
so we began a project that would make it possible to recreate a person, long dead from the dna in a fragment of bone or mummified skin.
what are you talking about?
once weve reached cruising altitude and the captain turns off the fasten seat belt sign, we will be offering our beverage service with complimentary soft drinks, juice and coffee.
your house is very
this is one smelly, disgusting...
wasnt until a month went by before he opened his mouth to say more than two words to somebody.
whats it take to shake down another inmate, get something hes taken from you?
you hear me?
give it to me. give it to me.
you must be dr. burke.  juliet.  juliet.
and you got caught in a net...
im proud of you.
which way did they go, locke?
dont i owe you an apology?
who said it was a nightmare?
there will be lot ofpeople.
i had experienced a happy life.
now you two sign here.
they look happy.
infirmarys the closest building to those walls and the weakest link in the security chain.
whats in this?
what are you, scared of the dark?
there you are!
i tried to see you, but they wouldnt let me.
kitt,get me to sarah now.
could you open the gate, please?
we had decided to meet in winter.
are you out of your goddamned mind?
thats a brilliant idea.
you may go into a further dream state.
whyd your department assign inmates on pi to do a toxic mold removal project?
theres no time for that.
hello, henry, what is it?
eames, i am impressed.
ill get ready in two minutes.
no. you can go.
lets wake him up.
they need water.
anybody else wanna
eh! feels nice? am i singing a song?
so im afraid youre stuck with me.
i just want to do it right today.
are you sure you dont want to know how lana feels about you?
i left a message on her cell phone.
you dont really think shes dangerous, do you?
tej singh is coming.
i may be in a mental hospital, but i know youre dead, and im not having an imaginary conversation with you.
i just hope that someday youll be able to forgive me.
theyre half a click behind us.
i was never meant to do anything!
holloway its not under the seat.
locke best i can figure, they were smugglers.
all right, im going into the jungle to track down rousseau.
my fellow comrades.
if im not back in 15 minutes, you can leave.
theres nothing here.
what wrong idea would that be?
theres nothing under gangster.
well, thats good news.
you remember about parade ground, right?
may i have my weapon back?
they done taken that water.
if he talks hell get us all killed.
mulder, what are they?
you can either sit in your loft and play with your telescope, or move on.
brace for impact!
what are we doing, jack?
then, bring her here.
unless you like waking up sucking dirt, dont get interested in anyone at that table.
because youll fucking hate the answers.
but ill never forget the first line.
youre all going to die, you know.
pay attention to the strangeness of the weather, the shift in gravity.
how does he do that?
you see the shit youve gotten us into, man?
all right, here. we dig in here so the wall doesnt collapse.
are you sad, lonely, looking for a friend?
yeah, im sorry.
youll be out of that splint and running around the island again in no time.
the medicines here.
except im locked in a different room.
take good care of my son.
oh, good, so you can hear me.
since i learned the real truth, i hadnt thought about the adoption.
but without any magic.
well put these guys in the ground, carry your friend back.
her, right there.
oh, heres one. whose place do we stay at, yours or mine?
sometimes i wish i had just one day to feel like a real ogre again.
knight seven, 120.
well then, have them recite a poem.
let me see what we can do.
seenu is a cheat.
dont worry about it.
sitting in first class, curly hair, guitar case?
what did he just tell me?
so you didnt commit?
hiding is pointless.
your ticket please!
cant take the challenge? chicken?
whatre you gonna do?
just tell me where you are. ill come get you.
where are you?
brakes, steering, everything.
her parents are out...
meteors hitting off california now but they got the whole goddamn base being mobilised.
the truth is that i....
he offered me some to eat, like, right after we, you know, got here.
my father says its when they stop talking about you that you should worry.
blood. who killed whom?
are you still there?
howd they get into pauls bathroom?
did you hear that?
where is raju rastogi?
you joined me, and in spite of our most heroic efforts, the patient succumbed to her injuries.
who are you?
prairie portage, minnesota,
yeah, im sure.
first you clarify my doubt.
then an accident made me the impossible.
when was the last time you saw it?
taking the role of our new swan queen, the exquisite nina sayers.
she probably just wants another drink.
you got caught, ghost!
be back in a few minutes to get you into that tub.
your parents home?
yeah. were gonna carry him.
its made out of gold.
we can use the lidocaine to numb the area.
hurley owes me 83,000.
my friends say i shouldve been born..
but hes talking of peace
relax. this is for you, too.
... andyoushowedupinataxi .
hes got some fresh blood running through him,which is a good thing.
whats good about it?
yeah, i couldnt help but notice there are no patients on this level.
marcus flavius aquila.
i was really proud ofyou.
uncle, this is fruits of our thoughts and deeds.
what i do there most nights.
ive got the baby!
alex, organise a military escort.
listen. you throw this out of the house.
ive done a lot of things in my life.
wont you greet me?
i dont know, but theyre out here in the jungle with no shoes, nothing in their pockets, no labels on their clothes.
i call it the wall of weird.
i dont want it.
those were not just ordinary people there.
i can come with you.
dont talk to him.
he hasnt got any surgery scheduled, no dental, nothing.
yeah, yeah. thats where we do the alien autopsies.
and you knew id ask you to go to locke.
they eat dried fish.
okay, well, he had orthopedic surgery
cause one minute it was there, the next it was gone, so, unless we, like, overlooked it, dude, thats exactly what he did.
what are you doing, jenny?
chew it slowly.
uh, kate and i fed the baby.
you were protecting them?
their whole civilisation.
well, i figured you and i keep watch on the drill deck.
is this about you getting pulled off the rig?
we just want to make them civilised.
..i want to find out the credit card that was used..
we didnt need saving!
konkan express is about to leave platform 2.
yes, youve been looking kind of pale lately.
and we ask you lord to keep him safe and bring him back really soon.
why are you angry on me? why not ask the same with deepthi?
and a little while later, brooks let me out, and i went home to live with my mom, and i got my job at mr clucks back,
with your permission, i will speak now.
what ever happened to honor among thieves?
i dont get it.
the reason you were in australia?
or guilt over wanting to leave.
your fathers legionaries.
how the hell do you know that?
this is about seans car.
shes the girl behind you.
something is written on it.
where is the bathroom?
and im sure theyre fine.
theyll never catch us on foot.
i can try to find fresh water.
what i wanted to tell you was...
what are you looking at me for?
its cobols back yard.
you dont think shed ever talk about...
times up, bogs.
what am i supposed to do?
because i have been stuck here,
guys i know.
thats a lot of red. connie, mr galvin on line 2.
i will, but fiona...
i followed it.
which makes us  done.
i dont understand. how did they get your keys?
im doing this for you and for the others like us!
hey if youre feeling a little sorry for yourself, you may want to have a drink with your mate from the hatch.
see, kids are like dogs. you knock em around enough, theyll think they did something to deserve it.
hello?  jack? its me.
i havent seen him for ages.
whatever her reason is,helping h.g. wells here talk to his mommy aint got nothing to do with it.
a man i think needs little introduction to you so bold has been his entry into our fair society.
and its gonna do everything it can  were never going back.
important breath of life
they need to haul ass.
i tell you, those voices soared higher and farther than anybody in a gray place dares to dream.
where the hell is my son?
youll be able to cut yourself free once you have the proper motivation.
come inside with you?
call it a night.
youll elope and marry her.
but its your wife who can still be reached.
out out give 4 rupees 2 rupees per bag
i got your damn stuff.
jake? jake is my boy!
dont think youre gonna tie me up.
would you like some breakfast?
he says im like my mother.
come on, you can do it.
the kid is growing on you.
a fact youd be wise to remember.
let me just get these togo.
perhaps we should all get some air.
get behind us jackass.
what do you recommend?
how long have i kept you alive out here, bernard?
thank you, miss walsh.
i dont know.
please dont play it.
i actually can do something for her.
keep your seat belt fastened while seated, as we may hit more turbulence.
you think i did a good job?
you see, you should push hard, but not too hard.
it sounded like she needed help...
what the hell did i do?
dr. bensley, thank you for joining us.
captain nikolai ivanov.
we will have to journey towards the moon.
dont have one. just dont want to do this the rest of my life.
one perfectly good explanation.
hell be first. bullshit!
you might have the rest of the team convinced to carry on with this job.
but to sign over our entire kingdom?
did you kill them?
sir, a boy has fainted in the canteen.
okay, im going to let you out now.
you know how many of your kind i killed in korea?
i was there to kill barry.
and the best food in paris, some say, is made by chef auguste gusteau.
is to follow your hunch, see where it leads.
call me on finding her.
oh, i thought hearing about my phone..
i think i do have it in me.
no, jack. youre not okay. youre burning up. im fine. im fine.
your wife is very sick.
the cycles havent been kind, have they?
they go through the wall and over the hallway, and theyre going to get us out of here.
we cant do it, sir.
i love balloons.
that i wouldnt have called anyone?
in the meantime, is there anybody else i could talk to?
he used to do odd household works..u know changing bulbs..gettin eggs n bread..ironing..
its not a matter of faith!
thats the point.
i saw the same weird skeleton flash just after the robbery... i think.
money isnt everything, my friend.
not that you would understand, but a walkabout is a journey of spiritual renewal  where one derive strength from the earth  and becomes inseparable from it.
so, you two, well, what do you think of all this?
are you sure youre feeling okay?
then you and i..
... evenifit wasonly...
tell me about this other hatch you found.
about one gram.
im sure itll turn up.
i think they want their boat back! move!
not i, but you need a break!
jeez, where have you been?
where are your friends now, amigo?
open launch tunnel.
why waste your time confessing?
mother hid everything.
guys, youre here.
one of our people was captured by yours.
they want to talk.
got someone looking into it.
asked if id wait for him.
me and my friends
but until you do,until you want to...
please, jack, this is private.
you look the same.
you dont even remember the number..
if its of any assurance, your vital signs are still quite good, but you do need immediate medical attention.
answer the question.
what are you doing?
couldnt stand having a freak for a son.
what does it say?
look, priya came to mumbai from delhi..
want to buy some?
a cook makes. a thief takes.
..who will remember something.
baby i didnt know your papa would not come...
now, use offense, aang!
could you tell me where i could find him?
love is first widening my eyes quickening my breathing, warming my skin and
they came here with a plan.
thats why i called to wish you good luck.
give me two minutes, okay.
yeah, your dad once told me i had to sleep with it, and i still do.
im just saying, you deserve something good to happen.
i may be calling you. thank you.
like my own room?
then consider it done.
your honor, wed like to recess if we could.
fiftysix travelers currently logged into moscow.
im actually a preferred guest.
you know the old saying, dont you?
what is it you want us to do?
no, im serious.
caius we will return the favor.
hes only 15, one of the youngest weve had.
he wins his life.
you think youre the only person with baggage?
stop this maya!
so you recover yet?
dont look at me.
forget about this.
well, we have to tell the others when we get back.
lana, youre home early. did they cancel cheerleading practice?
so stay here.
its a 1man job.  why?
it was really very frightening.
you are my mommy.
from the deck, looks like were the redeye to miami. welcome.
thats all she told.
nash, you might want to stop shuffling your papers for five seconds.
if we drill holes in strategic locations, we compromise the loadcarrying capacity of the wall.
they were sailing away!
hell steal your candy and you wont be able to complain.
were crossing sai babas temple.
you planted the idea in my mind?
thats the nice thing about you people, youre not scared enough.
you dont want to?
..find and kill aladin for me..
what about me?
hey, jack. you seen my boy when you were out there?
what did you do?
but mainly because he scares the vinegar out of me.
aare how shall i sign yaar.. you took away my pen!
man killed the vice presidents brother.
my son was taken away from me.
what? you... you said he was dying.  how could he be gone?
so we got about ten minutes to make intake, or yall are gonna be camping in the jungle for a long time.
what, you wanna think she was an angel?
i dont understand.
tell me the truth. tell me who you are.
and youre willing to live like this, in a hermeticallysealed box while everything out there goes to hell?
they believe that the water will come.
no one cares
the owner stopped by. he said hes made it his mission to run this place into the ground.
for your huge opportunity?
hey, jake.  hey. guys, this is bella.
i was counting on this.
maybe you are meant to.
hell, i was wondering when you were gonna stop asking nice.
sully, just find out what the blue monkeys want.
please you can help me after dinner?
i think you pretty much nailed it.  yeah?
and when you came home, i denied it.
i thought this thing was starting to work, but i guess not.
when did you first start to date?
nothing attacks him.
you know how to drive a boat?
hes a liar.
he is only a child.
i just know my father would never sell the farm.
i dont need jacks permission.
you must have taken time to learn...
and what boy told you that little piece of fiction?
i want my son.
poor man wouldve waited for you all the night.
maybe i can get your medical opinion on this though.
i will always be with you.
i mean this body is a temple.
maggie, its okay. i understand.
happy birthday, claire.
the old man and i would disagree with you on that one.
back when villagers were afraid of me, and i could take a mud bath in peace.
yeah, thats it, fella.
just wasnt expecting to see anyone out here.
so, what are you guys working on?
your sweet words make me weak in my knees
sure, right, um...
she insisted, so... sorry.
i want peace too
its not coming loose.
the land of fair women, london.
so what if i am?
no, its not real!
were gonna have to take the boy.  dad!
you were late, so i called susie in the office.
whats that, mr. lang?
bruno. bruno, what happened to you?
are you sure that it was toby?
im out of missiles.
and im not...
just promise me that you will keep her happy too.
youre thinking too much.
wouldnt it save time to lay the rails while you are finishing the rudder?
can you stop that?
sure you are. hope you got her a nice gift.
you killed three people?
i shouldve let welfare take you!
shes not at home, but im gonna go to her right now.  good.
just get him out of here.
im fed up.
actually, we cant skip the dance class today.
do not hit me again.
both the teams will lose.
like i said, some stories can come true..
on that boat.
keep moving, we gotta hook up with everybody at the creek.
that rogue and cheat who insulted us..
its just another way to lie.
you wouldnt mind if i just...
and you, gretel?
its a lot of money, jake.
whatd you say?
zee chef presents healthy snacks...ohh la la l love you d!
why would i want to do that?
i find a cigarette to be the perfect pleasure.
my hot dog souffle!
is it ok if you tell me your name?
do you hear me?
get a uniform and shoot me in the back
dont take it personally, rita.
i cant lose tonight!
in that case, priya, im not with you.
the little clownfish from the reef.
ana lucia is, uh...
you guys must think im stupid or something, right?
at her place?
that too for me?
and our forces?
well, welcome to metropolis.
were close, uncle.
what about him?
and every night, theyd spray this green mist on it.
its worth 1 50 million.
yeah. just give me some time to think about it.
you looked great.
she turned into a beautiful ogre and they lived...
since when did we open a boarding house for telmarine soldiers?
i dont smell a thing.
i didnt tell you because i knew youd kill him.
you didnt tell me what made you turn around.
idiot u sit quietly, hanh..
im a phony!
how about some privacy? 55 seconds.
in return, viktor was to use his army turned immortal to protect him
ill be back in five.
go out back through evans yard.
you may have a point there.
sir, should i go in?
lets bring it home. bring that bad boy home, captain!
i will. and take that vest off too.
why is moms phone switched off?
it printed out numbers.
but around here, we just call them the walking cactus.
im your best chance at disarming that bomb.
the kents are offlimits, understand?
that portable derailer, its worthless.
we got 23 exits.
safe from what?
leave me, he has got no loyalty too.
youve killed us all.
salt water is a great conductor of electricity 8th standard physics we all studied it!
dont break a sweat.
greetings duggal sir.  what had really happened?
you wanted to see me, sir?
shes ok. shes going to be all right.
hey, boss, look who is here.
what happened, jesse? talk to me.
youve been a godsend to those kids, johnny.
thats when we came upon your girl instead.
7up, cons, stand your gate!
you do not recall hearing the name kevin peterson today?
lets be realistic, ramona.
i received my 90day notice in the mail, 72 days ago.
when am i? well, john, that thats all relative.
i should go home.
id say its time to cut your loss.
we have to go back to the orchid.
there is nothing for me in iraq.
thats what youll get! haha!
how can i miss this chance? hey, call duggai!
seem to recall you being shuttled off to jail before we landed here.
youre on tv more than me now.
how can you be saying that?
i dont think you give her enough credit.
he tried to stop them!
its wednesday, babe.
hes a hybrid isnt he?
didnt you say tyler tried to kill his mother?
kevin peterson, checked in today.
i am so sorry.
i need a hard line.
mute button. what am i doing? im muting you.
what do you mean, someone killed him?
yeah, you build your resort.
long story short, its crummy pay, its parttime.
apparently, clark is still doing his chores and thats why he blew us off.
but this woman must also choose me.
i very much doubt that.
aunt nell, i dont want to go back.
help me, somebody! help!
and thats a bad quarterly statement.
id hurt you.
if i had known that, i would have, like...
stop getting the kids into all this, maya...
stall. weve lost power!
we have to be realistic.
why hasnt the call come yet?
and my legacy is to see that his final dream is faithfully pursued, like it or not.
im not gonna let you do this.
when i came out, it was inside the tub.
because she was the pretty one.
what is your name?
youre sure itll hold?
do you know the smoke from the cigarette..
besides, faradays got some interesting theories on what we can and cant do here.
son, i am happy when you wake up in the morning.
she told me my destiny was to help people.
through his face.
i talked bad about you without knowing youre the owner.
i think perhaps i ought to go.
l told him this morning that he couldnt be around me anymore.
lets keep walking, jack.
heres the thing. your mother sought you out, so shes fair game.
doesnt mean it has to stop you.
their lives depend on it.
do you know what lies in the shadow of the statue?
my mother died when i was 14 years old.
now would be a good time for you to leave, ms. castle.
oh, you mean, like, that girl, linda?
earn some extra money so i can go travel in the summer.
its life. as long as we have that, theres still hope.
..and hes learning to walk.
i can lie a hundred nights on the ice and not freeze.
its the only two plans you people have.
... and tell him exactly what i tell you to
its out here!
hes capable of doing something bad?
whatd you see? back off, donger.
your wish has been granted.
something you said keeps rattling around in my frontal lobe.
listen to me. listen to me.
aare, wat happened?
what do i recommend?
hi, clark. what are you doing?
where are you going?
it was just a thought.
youll get your son back and you both go free.
ranvir, i swear my lift went to 100th floor.
so, the order of the genies has picked him to stop me?
i mean it will be an honour.
i think i saw a horse in the jungle.
but i have attracted some attention.
itll be fun.
whats she doing here?
which, in our case, is just you.
hit them harder than you dare and then theyll stop.
were gonna need to do a little better than might.
cover your ears!
i objected yet she married a man who is a lot older than her.
i repeat do not use the computer for anything other than entering the code.
if you see go the doctor like a good boy,
i dont know how to use a gun!
but its also your home.
he wasnt always like this.
then you must be dead.
ill bring you another iris tomorrow.
you can hate me all you want later, but right now you gotta listen to me.
no, first assure me that you wont call me again.
but youre still watching.
it kicked say aal izz well.. all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well all izz well
at times the youngsters in the house show the right... path to the elders in the family.
do you want a pancake?
do you know.. when a smoker wants to smoke..
anyway, by the time i got home, his buddys waiting for me.
the morning of his baptism, my mother went to his nursery found him in his crib, he had stopped breathing.
youd better come and take a look at this.
those girls are checking you out.
good news, sir.
well, that wasnt a denial.
god damn it, jake, you went too early.
did he say something to tick you off, freckles?
two days ago.
think you made quite an impression on ramone.
i know that.
just really glad to see you.
what the hell do you mean you saw walt? in a dream?
how old are you?
b for ball we boarded the bus together right but your train went away in reverse straight to primary teacher from engineering ha ha ha ha whats the salary chanchhad?
but i need you to know that everything that kate and i have done... it was for aaron.
they want to go celebrate, right?
deputy, wheres your partner tonight?
i had to beat back half the group to get these. i saved them for you.
no, no, no.
id give it to you, you, you
the parents of the deceased were unavailable for comment,
i thought i said no presents.
are you here only?
but he chose my hotel. i told you.
its the brain that controls every body part.
weve reached bombay.
our intelligence tells us the object has settled into a stationary orbit.
just to be clear, i aint touching your drawers.
its a shame what happened to the band.
what can i do for you?
took my bitch from me.
you wanna tell me why it isnt happening to the rest of us? i dont know.
that, my friend, is the key to leadership knowing youre right and convincing everyone.
water is getting higher!
i wonder if we just bumped into a.
i kinda like it here...
what do you think made lana go softcore?
good night, sam.
chloes research turned up an aunt there. shes coming by this afternoon.
when you hear the knock, step out.
she said she was glad i knew, that she hated all the sneaking around.
stop it. stop it, tina. you promised that you wouldnt do that anymore.
thing is, see i dont read so good.
ill be with her, on the path there. go!
whered you get this?
good to go.
its just a necklace, thats all.
rukhsar this one is...
is anybody in there? can you help me?
disgusting little creatures.
i dont understand, claire, what im supposed to do with this.
weve been over this.
strange vishal, dont you recognize your residential number?
so hows the life at casa de claire?
itd be the end of the entire empire as we know it.
but ifyou dont allow him to do it himself how will he learn?
you show me the finger?
meet me on the flight deck in five and get us some wheels.
im trying to get you jammed up.
sounds like good, honest work.
isnt it ram?  its like burnt brinjal.
officer, write the report.
it was the heat of the moment,mike.
you heard the news, didnt you?
until you dont apologize..
you didnt ask me.
it was a great night.
wednesdays when we all get to it.
hello? i hit a tree branch when i parachuted in.
uday sinha..second row..third seat!
there are possibilities unexplored here.
im sorry about what happened in class.
how about you focus on things around the house instead?
good, cause the ten commandments dont mean a box of piss in here.
i didnt do anything to her, look.
well, im sorry to hear that.
lock him also.
romeo 64, i need to send out three humvees with a casualty.
mr. prem singh, there must be some way..
someone trashed the lab and they stole the body.
and yes, i could use another hand if youre up for it.
reznik, i need a hand
nick, that was great.
i guess were just gonna have to take it out.
this is a highrisk covert op in unstable territory.
and now were stuck here!
you have to consider that i might be better for her than you are.
i m talking about the two girls...
food doesnt go, orders pile up.
with my mind.
hes hanging in there.
remember when i helped you out with that tree frog... which you killed?
you deserve it.
and you want them to die and rest in your coffin.
we cant, okay?
at first i thought they were fishermen or pirates or something.
is her only topic of conversation her family and home? no.
shh. im trying to sleep.
hurley so, dude, what do you thinks inside that hatch thing?
dont say that.
i dont have him!
i wish you guys the best.
well, you better aim for the head, ben.
jesus, mary and joseph!
why dont you come close?
take the prisoner back to his cell.
but there must be a way to escape this curse?
and that makes tonights mega lotto jackpot drawing 4815
and believe me you dont want that on your conscience
this is my house.
itll take some time to mobilize the 10th mountain and 100 vehicles.
how do i get off the island? please!
truth is, i prefer to keep up this facade.
not tomorrow, not after breakfast. now!
kindly leave vanity outside office.
looks like were getting wet
new freedom has sleeper agents here in the u,s,
this isnt about you, terrence
dog crossed the road.
weve all had a rough night.
itll help with global warming, which hasnt happened yet, so maybe we can prevent it.
run along, play with teddy.
did he rent a car from the concierge?
the others are avoiding me.
tomorrow is yours.
would you do it, though?
youll be the talk of the town.
alicia he thought it was harmless.
unless you want your girlfriend in there when the axe comes down you get them to evacuate.
how do you know?
so why dont you show your friends here what youre made of?
tell me, or i cut off her other hand.
brother, where can i find ranchhodas?
i dont grant interviews, ms. castle.
harm, or otherwise... kill us!
this is my platoon. these are my men.
i have some business to attend to.
if they overstarch my shirts again, theyll hear from me.
we see a cruiser, stop, take out the engine blocks, keep moving.
we gotta abort this, we gotta abort this!
laal maati district i wont salute and say welcome to laal maati. no, sir i know you dont care for all that
ill beat you.
i got one too.
we have zero visibility.
you arrived just as i was preparing a little toast.
then you do have a choice.
dr. chang asked us to help.
yeah, you did, man. you said pull over.
ill get this guy.
you dont have to make stuff up...
and you have this gift that i need.
whats going on?
she thinks the old lady just burst into flames.
if this is all i can contribute, i wanna be thorough.
i was late, so i got a pregnancy test.
who are you? whats your name?
every card, every letter l sent you over the last eight years.
desmond, where are you going?
because 12 years ago today, they chose jeremy creek as the scarecrow.
were gonna blast our way through.
see, these ia types, they have a real trust problem.
of course as it turns out hes been telling the truth
at this rate, youll put me out of business.
come on, we could really use your help.
shipping lanes are north.
hes pouring his own blood into boones arm right now.
dont make mama mad.
so you plan.
..he can be extremely mean to him.
what punishment is this?
you can do nothing...
well, too bad you didnt see something a little more useful, like an address where we might find her.
sorry, missy. i didnt get you.
i mean, your girlfriend.
make the bond!
noland, run away, live to fight another day.
youre gonna lie to the baby?
sounds weird, but its made from a bit of the meteor that killed my parents.
frankly, it make no difference to me.
i left the tap on in the bathroom sink, and ana wiped out and hit her head on the counter.
i was just saying that its..
ill hold them for you.
no, im at peace with it.
do youve mini idly?
may i help you, maam?
im not sure yet.
making a statement, i guess.
yes farhan, tel me car is ready at the gate im telling..take pla n run!
thats both of our problems.
what kind of accident?
the lord is my shepherd.
we are making peanut butter cookies...
stop it, veer.
whats the last thing you remember, nikolai?
youre telling me that this car can just take off... and go for gas or a car wash just like that, huh?
i can get you to her.
things have actually been pretty fantastic...
so, we meet again.
but it doesnt matter now. i can still be the hero.
i will be out of control of what happens to you.
i didnt get a chance to thank you two.
in his office.
mmm. foie gras and cornichons.
dont use force. act wisely. take my advice
that it would never happen again.
i was under the impression thats what i was doing.
in one night the lies that have united our kind has been exposed
im not looking for money. what are you looking for?
the judge asked why he was coming forward with this information.
this footage confirms the airplane did, in fact, crash at sea.
i believe the child avatar has only knowledge of his birth element, air.
yeah, man. shes ok.
all right, were gonna drill at about an inch an hour, 16 holes in 64 hours.
hi. im wendy from airport food services.
oh, yeah, yeah, i taught him everything he knows.
i cant go faster.
well, believe it or not, we werent talking about you at all.
that every day could be like this one.
..this wouldve never happened.
i dont know what youre capable of.
didnt hyder ali come along?
he was a passenger on oceanic flight 815.
no, i am not.
youre responsible for it.
the north shore of the island.
you said about an important matter.
sometimes i wish that i had a garden to tear apart.
he surrendered to them an hour ago.
all you people care is about your damn jihad or whatever.
im officially scared.
you have to be strong, mom.
that man that my fathers talking to.
...you smell kinda funny.
why should this be any different? why should this be any different?
im in a lot of trouble, i think.
you sign here, hell sign there.
no. it led me into a trap she set.
you know what well do to you.
weve talked about this.
you two have a lot in common. smalltown heroes, believe in the truth not willing to back down.
how long are you gonna let it happen?
youre having phone tubble!
guys, that chinese dudes gonna get pretty crispy out here.
you were heading straight off the road.
you might be special, but you still live under my roof and you will do as i say.
i was never very much into literary analysis.
somebody just tried to kill us.
beauty...my beauty is my problem.
ones moving toward new york, the other here.
a truck will be coming by this afternoon.
keep me safe, keep me safe, keep me safe.
our beloved caspian was abducted by narnians.
lts all your boons...
im sorry those things happened to you, ben.
youve lived so long with pain. sometimes dont you wish it would just end?
so are we.
will somebody please give me directions?
its how she got my gun.
today i have found out, that what i thought was my mistake..
when i call again, youll give me that list.
i will create the perfect system.
i think theres something that you should know.
is there something you want, charlie?
best question youve asked all night.
i take it you heard about what happened last night?
freaked out yet?
its about two brothers.
i havent seen my son yet.
does victoria know you come here?
putting 324 families through a grieving process based on a lie?
i think he can control the weather.
i havent been completely honest with you, clark.
it sounds a bit... nutty, doesnt it?
and i never questioned anything.
this ones my project.
i hear we sprung a leak.
its in the ballpark, its not a match.
shes in deep love with him.
we can discuss this on the way.
im not lost.
there are eyes, ears, dots that couldnt be connected from the outside.
better hurry up...
seven sounds about right.
and not just for me.
but when he asked to see you?
so shes playing nice.
you really think its possible that one of us... is one of them?
you got a date?
what are you doing?
this is my daughter rukhsar.
now machiraju will kill seenu.
civilian casualties should be down to a minimum.
yusufs 10 seconds from the jump.
you may have lost your conjugals, but i can do you one better.
da thinks theres a chance that he could turn state witness against markus kane.
but i like her.
were just following up.
what are you doing?
then, why not start loving her now?
is it all right to respond?
you tell him its john abruzzi calling.
what is going on here?
lets go pay him a visit.
a while ago, i was in this kind of psych ward, and there was this guy leonard.
why dont you then?
go out...go...get out.
do you mean like from space?
my friends could use a couple of beers.
hes been acting weird lately.
you know willy here, dont you?
what do you mean, saying oops there?
when were you first built?
well, throw it on the pile, i guess, and then weii... you know...
just proceed to the next siding and hold tight, over.
i owe you an apology.
i fell down...
hey, whats going on?
people are calling it the crime of the century and stuff like that.
ill break, david.
hey, whitney, wait up.
maybe hes not as smart as he thinks.
the papers contain equations with notations in french.
or, as some of us have come to call it, the freak show.
thats what you were yelling right when i tackled you.
dont come groveling to me simply because you are weaker than your adversary
youre charles westmoreland, right?
most of the time, i want to stand up and scream get over it, freaks!
a lot of it. even at my rates.
come on, sweetheart. come on.
bob gordon asked me to take you out to the site.
who would it be?
i found it in there.
bloody fool, this side not that side.
im his mother, and im employed. who is the court gonna side with?
i cannot believe spencer hastings
maybe not a small country.
my friends always say, you shouldve been..
sorry, these kids are hopeless.
but not me.
hey,what did you mean,you mother was wrong?
so he just dropped the generator right on top of you?
the only way to stop that kind of power, grab it by the tail.
father, they cheated my guru using such tricks.
youre not yourself right now.
all the training the confederate army gave me was useless against the newborns.
you said this is my plant. its my call.
please come back home.
im going after it whether theyre on it or not.
i had to protect him,so i said he was mine.
youre not the only one with a gun bitch.
im just saying pick a goddamn job!  i got my job!
no, i hid them.
im used to it.
when she smiles like a flower, i feel like flying in air,
two. were not made of money here at mr clucks, reyes.
if something were to happen to my mom nobody would take me in.
one day, as i was thinking, i started walking.
whatever everybody wants.
listen, media wants to meet you.
im building something and i could use an extra pair of hands.
i promise.  all right.
she had a kid with her.
ill drop you to your hotel.
hell, i was mayor here before there was a dirt!
very quaint. very safe.
the intoxicating power of the girlss scent suddenly made it clear to him... why he had come to his own life so tenaciously, so savagely.
you know what.
we got him.... that idiot is some where around.. come on
yeah. well, here we go.
besides i already told him we would come.
were just friends.
why are you here?
so you were right.
where is he right now?
whats more imperfect than our world?
dont forget the phase integration, middle button.
our guns wont last.
tell her you wanna keep us.
are you ready to be your own man?
so, whats up?
the whole wedding thing?
were gonna want him on our side.
i didnt try to escape because they had guns.
come on, you motherfucker.
help me..connect this..put it in this! love u rancho farhan..on it yes
you need to hunt.
when did that ever stop you?
gather round...gather round!
i dont know, john!
maybe your memories arent gone.
well, the microprocessor deduced that you were acting contrary to your best interests.
so, youre still that same party boy you were in the class of 96?
roger that. understand. convoy returning to base.
it is time we show the fire nation we believe in our beliefs
yes, principal sir, why have you called me?
five more minutes.
three hundred seventyfive.
pray you dont disappoint me.
chloe, where are you going?
that would be difficult, so for me to try to explain whatever is happening
hey, ana lucia.
i wanted to make myself useful.
thats where all this started. maybe its where itll all stop.
you let her in there alone?
a show of gratitude from the powers that be for a job well done.
how do they talk?
its the messages from the raft.
..my heart said ill make this idiot my brotherinlaw um.. um... then i controlled my emotion!
every time the sky lights up, we... move through time.
i dont know, she was here.
its tough to say, it all happened so fast.
youre pathetic, thats what you are.
you cant see anything.
ana, sawyer needs a doctor, or hell die.
dont you miss him?
i have a right to be concerned, nina.
ladies and gentleman, the captain has switched on the fasten seatbelts sign.
of course. we always have been.
but ill tell you what, miss.
give him this for the pain.
he has patronised our college for long.
an ice age here million years of mountain building there.
but youre getting on that plane. no!
back to the people i told you about.
five second rule.
i went to see hurley.
and you know what happened yesterday.
im in love with the woman sitting next to me.
lets see if you can parallel park.
take it easy!
i cant hear you, peach.
he adorned the engagement ring in the wrong finger.
im not sweeping a major academic breach under the carpet so you can win a game.
why are you in a hurry?
take care of yourself, all right?
who knew that we were seeing rancho for the last time?
its gotta be the way i said, man.
thought you might like something to read.
they got me through a tough time.
there is a ritual in this book through which we can try to end the curse even without the black book.
4... 8... 15... 16... 23... 42.
im pretty sure that you have a tattoo.
he sold you out.
a warrior, of the jarhead clan.
i dont think about my wife when im holding a pistol
you want to keep me dangling, so it looks like youre granting me a favor instead of receiving one?
no, were good.
and anyway, i have seen your house..
ill be all right.
i want you to go to the clinic down the road.
theyre better off now.
who said youre coming?
crashed in what?
ive been thinking.
just do it. okay. okay.
he never should have said goodbye.
but there are none to be had.
i should be home.
everybody, i have found another cake!
and i dont even know if hes in his right mind.
you stubborn fuck.
twinkies keep for, like, 8,000 years, man.
and the rest of thgroup what are they saying?
im asking the questions here!
thats why you lured me here.
they just started ooting. why?
one pocket watch, goldplated.
youve closed your door.
yeah, i was just i was working on my totem, actually.
you cant speak whale!
this isnt... this is not just about my career, jack.
to the parents of beatrice quimby.
what are you doing here?
look, i need for you to... i need for you to explain to me what the hells going on inside your head.
we just care about being together.
i mean about that case... please sit down.
hello, dad, hows business?
youve gotta take a look at this.
we make them bigger.
shes not my exwife, man.
and then you show up and give me the one thing a man in my situation shouldnt have hope and now thats gonna be taken away.
you cocksuckers try and keep up.
jack, dont misunderstand whos in charge here.
it was in my bags, stuff i checked.
ghost, we aint gotta act like we friends anymore, do we?
thats a name i havent heard in quite a while.
it need more time.
has he tried anything with you?
faraday told me that we need to wipe out some kind of pocket of energy.
i wont believe you.
i mean, its bold, its daring, its fairly inexpensive.
he wasnt thinking!
besides, he does come highly recommended by king midas.
you chain him up next to chavez on the bus.
i hope you wont be too disappointed when i survive.
a little consideration would be a beginning.
but life doesnt stop does it rahul?
im wearing my combat boots.
whats this feeling?
kate, you run the fuse.
arent you still married?
you and your partner are off the job until further notice.
he was blindfolded and strangled with a piano wire.
theyre usually the ones who track me down. the freaks with websites.
i didnt know she was gonna go mike wallace.
reports indicate that this battle has repeated itself all over the world with the exact same results.
so moresby prison issued you a gun, but you paid for it.
so tell me something, ben, what is it that makes you so important?
devika is a very nice girl.
man, what the hell is this?
theyve given up.
sidehero, youve disrespected me.
hey, guys, come on.
looks like you got some impulsecontrol issues there, floyd.
theres your gift!
i just couldnt sit on it, so i came to you.
he was shot.
prem, introduce me to salman once.
what should i do now?
..kills the germs in the atmosphere.
shes such a liar.
thats the reigning theory.
the elevator takes you down to the actual orchid station.
where donkeys are manufactured every year.... see..see over there..ur donkey
i sent pickett and tom to track their location, and they came across this.
theyll stay outside, as long as they know were keeping him alive.
nell had it made, gave it to me the day she officially adopted me.
the father of us all
its a antigravity serum.
i think i can negate that energy under the swan.
your attendance at school and your grades need to be pristine.
i wont change my decision now.
hes his brother.
you want to go there?
who says you stammer?
you know, actors, rock stars, billionaires sons.
maam, i must apologize.
this is sun.
thats on the surveillance footage of you in beirut.
scientists are abuzz, scrambling to try and understand it.
yeah, shannon thats what a hatch is.
dude, you okay?
all right! no need to incite anxiety. ill inquire about the mayor.
i dont know what youre talking about.
planes crash, people die.
come on, double sixes, double sixes.
he had a nickname at the academy.
only if you find time from bhai brother will you miss me!
we will rock your world.
you dont need to live like this!
i wouldnt be in this danger now.  shut up!
vishal, do you know what happened today?
please, help me!
what the hell is that?
you saw what happened.
and if we can attain madhavgarh without battle..
now im free to do all those things i ever wanted to do, things that i know i was destined to do, like we talked about, helen.
and it wasnt for your benefit, trust me.
thats why i told you to take the car from petrol bunk leaving him behind.
i really hope they feed you melon rind sometimes.
what else did you try?
with far too few of your sinister plots actually turning a profit.
against your wish.
whats this about...?
must be pretty tight, huh?
ruiz stay down.
all right, lets see those pearly whites.
okay, can i see your id card please?
yes sir, what do you want me to do now?  come back tomorrow.
perhaps not a machine!
no, uh, scientists from ann arbor.
come on, clark. selflessly giving of yourself to save others, girls love that.
well have you on the ground soon.
when joachim was your age, he could do that.
im gonna get you out of here.
so, i hid.
i dont know, man.
a week after the crash, there was a cavein.
there should be 20 left.
that why you threw us in the pit?
im taking the company back, alan.
were gonna help you do that, michael.
good luck, sawyer.
shes not right for the kids, aman...
you were immaculately conceived.
how about you stop babbling?
what are you doing out here, man?
i gotta call my lawyer!
i got to cause you more pain, but i have to do it to help you.
were you here?
the town went schizo.
if she could do that, half the school would be after that secret. come on.
no, no, i got it.
were going to dance till the sun come up!
do you or do you not know where it is?
it does seem a bit naive, taking the word of admitted bank robbers.
today youre going to have a medical examination.
apparently jacks playing with them right now.
so we get a nice synchronized kick.
devon, thats my car. i left it out in the desert.
ill go and find him.
all the time i miss you.
weve got a serious problem because there is no level 3.
you survived a plane crash.
and never ever let this perfume to be shaken like that.
for us to leave, i need to calculate a new bearing.
i know you sing so beautifully that birds explode.  big deal.  i know that when you sign your name,
thats how they got my fingerprints on the gun.
and ill make sure theres nobody around first.
its definitely a challenge.
i asked the other girls to sit together up front.
why am i not surprised?
like he says, youre safer as a group.
your brother has brought them especially for you.
you must be imaginative, strong hearted.
i want to spend my entire life with you.
at least i know youre all right.
how can i help you? over. rs campaign.
they think theyre so cute.
there are nicer ways to wake a man up, freckles.
but you cant hide 500 million by moving a few decimal points.
im just saying that she
and then they put the notebooks in pneumatic tubes that sent them to their headquarters so they could evaluate us as an experiment.
no my darling...there is nothing to be sorry about...its ok!
today i have to submit it in the police station.
dont do that!
ourwar isnt over
youve gotta be kidding me.
yourtipoffs are as bad as the food i suppose well have to make do.
yeah, i care, but dont tell anybody, okay?
oh, come on. you can clean up to the sounds of chopin.
they are showering love on me.
no, mommy, please!
with whose permission do you..
what are you trying to tell me?
are you one of them?
im not interested in being reunited with my people.
thats your dads department.
you all have 30 secs should find the meaning of the word written on the board if u want u can make use of your books too the one who gets the answer can lift ur hands up well see wholl come first and whos last
who would suspect a cop?
you could stay here with me.
edward, what happened with jasper, is nothing.
like every year poo will decide on the boy..
is there any confusion?
youre going down to the reservation.
there are people fighting back.
what do you want, sawyer?
sounds good.  1206.
im troubling you a lot.
she was a junkie.
insects arent disgusting, mom.
what happened with sibyl was very unfortunate.
i let him take a break, 10, 15 minutes. nemo
why else would they have dropped that thingamabob right over us?
it was totally surreal, but i dreamed she was attacked outside of the hospital.
listen, we can still kill this thing, all right?
what have you done?
i mean, did you actually pee on it?
you thought i was trying to cut clark out of your life?
would you care to sell it?
frankly i am concerned about you.
without getting the insurance companies involved,
ken speaking indistinctly
fresh out, i take it?
stop your nonsense about truth of soul.
pardon me, guys!
the deadline passes in three days.
why are you doing this to me?
im going back home. im going to london.
we arent friends.
yeah. just helping out my little sister.
lets just get the hell out of sydney.
lts too late! its 7 oclock.
you know i asked.
alicia this is us.
theres no one here.
just get back my nandini for me.
or what? if you say one word to my sister about ian,
but youre hiding from it.
its the rule of this house...
you walk like on of her science pukes. ...
it doesnt have to be goodbye.
you harm so much as one hair on his curly head...
if that dont make a person want to kill somebody, i dont know what does.
hope is a dangerous thing.
i dont wanna hurt you.
i just loved...
my daughter was on your plane too.
in 18th century france... there lived a man who was one of the most gifted and notorious personages of his time.
i love you. i love you.
do you understand me?
okay. well, what do you want?
if i am a real boy then i can go back.
you dont wanna see my file.
after his wifes death.
you know, i havent seen those in a while... your shoes.
but youre ok if i go?
no tricks, john.
i got his stuff out.
i love you, too.
why would he do that?
let us remember the men who fought and died in the name of honor.
shall i make the bill?
im not here to bankroll your pet projects.
in the dream, i hated him for being alive.
its gonna rain sooner or later.
how come youre not wearing it?
yes, they will.
i believe so. why?
i didnt hear about it.
whos mr. charles?
the staff and i will remain here as we attempt to communicate.
if not, i hope you said goodbye to him when he left here this morning.  who are you?
its hard for me to talk about.
you know, i mean, englands an island, so i just throw it in and fish.
annie, its beautiful, but i dont really think...
make her accept your love on phone.
because hes my brother.
hes not in our systems.
trying to find you.
lm a tree cutter. i cut trees.
sorry to bother you so late.
except for the fact that i wont be there.
you said youve relatives in bombay, ive enemies there.
nothing like this here though.
we just came back for hurley.
im so sorry.
how did we get here?
i mean, how how did he...
very good question is there any other person, in whose mind, the same question is arising?
were reeling them in!
all brought here for the same purpose.
all right. just check lanas outfit.
it bent my pick!
what did i miss? whats so funny?
you understand me?
there are certain endeavors where your lack of personal connection would be considered an advantage.
im losing you a little bit here.
..where prem got jenny without saying i love you.
yes, we were.
we are moving the drugs out of nigeria so that they cannot be used by our people.
you really put your foot in it this time.
that will never happen...
are you off your bleeding chump, man!
everybody is haunted by their past.
just calm down.  you saw it with your own eyes.
he was surprisingly forthcoming.
and ill prove it to you today.
you wanna show me the right ones?
is he breathing?
if i cant keep that promise, i have no right to be here.
we can do whatever you want, but maybe the two of us should go to my tent
let him do his thing.
the chopper was headed for the boat.
what do you want, jack?
you two know each other?
again, daddy! again!
but not as long as you...
what are you talking about, hurley? wait! wait
were gonna have to come up with some kind of a kick.
its mine, and i will do with it as i please.
no one touches the c.o.
defence lockup helps you maintain control in emergencies.
ears are good
you asked me how to save the island, and i told you you had to move it.
my fathers sword is meant only to behead the british.
how exactly do we infect the mother ship with this virus?
so they sent you here to recover it?
my parents drive up and theyre not dead, theyre just really late.
and when it comes, im goanna go to town on that motherfucker.
dont tell me youre sorry, tell them youre sorry.
you okay with that?
its okay. its okay.
i dont like to be tied up.
harrys room is down the hallway. ill meet you there.
and chopped a great big hole in it.
jump, jump. jump. please.
dont expect anything.
i dont mind if machiraju plays with me.
we will make a scene of ourselves by going to the police.
where were you, calci?
id be worried too, i was you.
crown princess yashodhara.
queen victorias palace is so beautiful.
open the blinds.
i didnt do it for you.
when you find a laundromat, let me know.
dont know what im supposed to do right now,
any chance you know where she is?
this one i did for your second birthday.
wheres the c4?
ha! only a million times!
wait, youre in l.a.?
i told you all along he was bad news.
you dont... need to say anything.
most of santa monicas been cleared of civilians.
i didnt think i could change things.
lives in the same house, dated coughlins sister who most likely mules for the florist, who used to employ macrays father.
and how are you today?
get up along side of it!
because.. i want to study further and become a doctor.
why would i do that?
okay, lets take ten.
you ever heard of her?  cant say that i have.
what are you doing, writing your memoirs?
to be able to control the weather like that, indoors?
youre a disgrace!
should i keep the meter running?
what year is it right now?
dont be alarmed.
bella, step back.  jake, who was that?
i hate pubs.
you, my boy, please recite
yes, you can.
yet here you are in strength and numbers that we telmarines could never have imagined.
god damn it, sean!
ive seen him somewhere.  come i say.
any idea how they got that midterm?
she was with me till now.  with you?
anything?  not much. a yacht.
in the cave, the chief, what did he say?
this is truck 41 on 17. youre nuts.
daddy cant save you this time, lex.
recently, a certain somebody has jeopardized our joyous lives.
yeah. i remember you shot him. and missed.
i cant believe you.
you said you didnt see it.
you got a gift. use it to do great things.
hey, talking to you only.  where did you go?
wait till then.
she cant leave midterm and come.
a girl with blue eyes.
he has just returned from america.
if thats mona, im staging an intervention.
hello, one minute.
rahul. inform him too.
it wasnt one life which got affected that day, two lives!
well, sayid, i hope she makes you whole again.
the pindaris are here to loot the train.
he kidnapped and tortured me.
he wanted this why?
damn near anything within reason.
i wanted to order more of her pies.
is he a toy boy?
you are not supposed to see this.
is he a good man?
i believe they are airbending tattoos.
if a man cant wear his tuxedo by the fifth date, why bother?
you got to give us more of a warning next time.
she said she thinks you are a jerk... and to go away!
i really dont have time for a long conversation.
do me a favor.
so the question is, ben, why the hell wouldnt you wanna kill jacob?
can you recall any errors you made in your early days?
you still have your balls. i need more men in here.
theres nobody in there.
so sue me. david!
here. let me help you.
not if you designed the place, it isnt.
how do you know our names?
she hit me!
god has written your name with jenny.
what if you never come up with your original idea?
dont start, dad.
no, ive grown to hate the sight of blood.
i will not harm him.
goodbye, marieedwige, i had a swell time with you, youre very pretty and i hope to see you again soon.
sisterinlaw, another lie.
i say, are you silly.
... thatyouaregoingtoleave here without taking me with you.
youre all i ever want in the world.
those were the days when you actually did get things done, john.
he drove british out with a cane.
sorry about all this.
why are you grinning?
you keep thinking like that, your hats gonna catch on fire.
professor, whats going on?
never seen her before in my life.
theyre trying to open his safe.
we just want to know what youre doing.
this level 3 nonsense....
liv, think about what youre doing.
let the phone talk now.
im not wrong, kate. this is it. this is why were here.
listen to yourself.
why would they think that?
no, he made his choice. he chose to stay.
you almost got me killed.
not one of us has ever met him?
there goes channel 14 going the wrong way.
i mean, it is still the last great frontier.
should he shake her, she would never rouse.
which, in my professional opinion, led to her death.
is that what you re saying?
dont you ever wish you had a sibling?
nikkis insulin level is completely normal.
he was my friend.
and after college, will you once again be taking on toms care?
so lets go.
horace, youre in charge.
we need the bars?
look what fate has delivered up this time.
deepthi, i never cheated you, i love you sincerely.
i mean, its not even worth talking about unless you got the route, and they change the route all the time.
weve only 20 minutes till were in overtime. get it right.
youre getting late... now go.
fine, but im not gonna carry you...!
sir, i didnt send anyone.
let me give you a clue.
no doubt there was talent in its crafting.
im getting a pickup game together in the gym.
nurse 1 administering insulin.
that hatch theyre building?
how much can you give me for that?
let me get this straight.
how do they account for the miracle recovery?
i think it would be a mistake to back out.
sir, this is what was needed!
ive been going crazy trying to make everyone feel safe.
l accede you are my soniya
id like to go see it.
guy was at least twice our size.
heres your mother.
open the door, and i will forgive you.
but here youre glued to aunt.
youre possum enough for me!
oh, its an inside joke.
he replied, ive done everything to impress god..
myself, satveer kohli. i run this ad film company.
ah. look at you.
she really loves you, i can tell.
hes confessed to everything!
shall i give you a surprize?
but i know he doesnt want me to get hurt.
i was out there with you.
those who were resurrected only lived through one day of renewed life.
excuse me. i will make a call.
look, im sorry.
you arent allowed to shout here.
whether you stay is up to you.
billy has a plan.
hurry up, hurry up.
didnt mean it.
if destiny will give us victory with even one percent then im ready.
organised sport is very popular.
hes a telmarine, not some lost puppy.
just turn it off,please.
but both have their own fun!
and ill never leave you again.
how sweet, shes lucky.
what if the person who wants to take aaron is sitting in that hotel room right now?
do the roar.
i need just a minute.
its all gonna work out.
i have my sources. its hardly the flattering expose you promised.
if anyone left this building under any manner of duress we would know about it.
face that wall, reach down with your left hand, find a switch that activates the elevator.
youre not gonna kill him.
this is what always happens with me.
miss hardwick, im surprised to find you in smallville.
you think that floods wouldnt have happened, that... that homes wouldnt have burned down, that people wouldnt have died?
my cup is empty, trust me.
over there he should be in the car
whats with you and lana?
lm very weak in maths.
i know that youre moving, and thats bad.
ghajini 10 june 2008
lets get this done first.
so get me my fucking directions to the crash site!
so what are you all hot and bothered about, kwon?
theyre just tattoos.
but we have to go.
when the last one came down, this place started to shake.
he is in shimla!
here we go.
are you blowing me off for your boyfriend?
youre all right.
hobart, you may kiss the bride.
schools coming here?
fire department had to use the jaws.
my assistant here will demonstrate!
i was.... kidnapped by a tribe of minisloths..
finally. i need it for the roof.
go ahead, lead your buyout. but remember, i own your employees mortgages.
see. let me see.
yeah, you should be careful with who visits you in here, fish.
surveillance says to take hawlwadig, then go straight.
yeah, its fine.
youre staying here until they find sean. sorry about your date.
either you can join me for a cup of tea..
some secrets are better left alone.
shes a beaut, aint she?
well, um... that was fun.
whod you do it to?
thanks for being my first.
you see, i came to you, john, because you the one with that higher consciousness and shit.
and maybe i was mistaken, but i thought you we my driver.
were gonna have a good time!
they came back to the island?
ive had the misfortune of being landlocked for several years.
theres no way out!
father, well meet next after i win your daughterinlaws hand.
charles keefe embarks on a sevenday tour of southern port cities, starting tomorrow.
let me ask you something.
you were just a kid.
what are the odds?
stay out of trouble.
if theres any way i can repay you
and so one got away. who cares? its not a big deal.
ive gotta get back to the hatch.
go away from here.
this is not her house, this is her room.
alisons the one who saw him do that.
you breaking in or breaking out?
what kind of person do you think i am?
hes struggling to breathe.
dont lie to us.
dont touch this, honey, its like poison.
do you take such interest in everyone you meet?
if the tip of the pencil breaks in the space, then it will be revolving under the action of gravity it can get into someones eyes, it can get into someones nose it can get into the instrument panel..
im definitely not dead.
our barracks are surrounded by a high frequency sonar fence to protect us from the islands abundant and diverse wildlife.
bells, hes not coming back.
i can drop by. lets see.
someday even i will go there.
he just wont sleep.
didnt mean to scare you.
hell not reform till he gets out of this don fever.
its like in chess.
because today is raksha bandhan.
i can do it.
yeah. look, i m really sorry to do this to you, bill.
i saw a flash of tina greers skeleton.
man kidnapped half a dozen boys and girls down in bama, raped em and killed em.
sayid mentioned the black rock before.
if we can do what faraday said...
..in the first meeting itself.
okay, first of all,
we got a live one.  cant hear you, peach.
all right. okay. i know it.
three years. three years i work with this... this terrorist.
not only will i stay gold, ponyboy, i will drink to it.
you did perfect.
you dont feel any differently about me now, do you?
share with us exactly why theyre here.
,write a book and get famous,
rosen there, now.
your mom wants you to know youre never alone.
i have a son?
theyre sending them back.
jesus, i like jenny.
exhales  you are a total exhibitionist.
its more than that. theres something about him.
howd you find her?
yes, very sensible.
ill get it, sir.
wait. when are you gonna sit down to do my interview?
... ihappento be in lovewithyou.
there, thats it.
havent you been paying any attention?
i dont know. extraterrestrial?
if you waited, jacob would eventually come to you, john. im tired of waiting.
whats that noise?
siva! see how nice the falls are!
i dont trust you. just bury it.
youve been shaving for the last three years.
you hooked it.
would my boss take a fool like you into his gang?
not even my husband.
i had to take him.he needed me.
you have to tell him now.
hey, ive seen you before.
yeah, i told sayid.
not the guy, we want that girl.
all evacuees, please proceed to the dock.
brain is the most important organ of the human body.
big, twitchy fucker.
he only wore it when he really... really meant business.
i need your brother.
dont you think we should at least try to make a difference?
l think only about you every moment.
weve been together a long time. id never abandon you when you needed me.
mama jenny and funny hair joel live in wilhemina, tarrow county, georgia.
one milligram epi.
i didnt ask him that.
do you think i know what im doing?
i went there to make a drop.
somebody messing with us?
i brought your boy flynn.
then you better learn how to iron.
these people were here before us.
as long as its about you.
what the fuck was that for?
has he said anything?
im suggesting that love will be the key by which they acquire a subconscious never before achieved.
its over, claire!
why should we trust the russians?
the call sheet said nine oclock.
what are you talking about?
this food is great, elsie.
i know there are too many guys.
look, im just thinking of our future.
they tell you to quit?
brother, they filled in this petrol bunk only.
i told you id come back
i think the films pretty selfexplanatory.
when i left the island, john stepped in.
just be careful.
its amazing how many people at school i dont know.
i was going to be executed in two days.
i mean, her face is...
..my ancestors of the mihir clan, accept the post of crown princess.
i was aiming for the toilet. toilet?
i want you to understand what it is youre saying.
i think your friend is hurt.  wont she?
requesting a medivac for a critically wounded at chalk fours location. over.
actually his friend briganzas son tony came from goa.
were a part of your soul and everything about...
and think about how well go to the girls hostel at night.
the night we trapped the reverseflash.
thats where i was hoping you could be of assistance.
youve fulfilled your promise,
yeah, kent, its yours.
the bomb is in its final position here in the u,s,
i think that theyre...what?
i can bring her back safely.
why wouldnt i want to know?
well, ive got good news.
then there were all these other people around us...
yes, i can.
my quest has taken me through the physical,
i say who lives and who dies.
unless you think theres more to it than that.
hes not a doctor.
dave, we have to talk about this
you know what?
weve got to go after her.
to fucking get back to you!
you dont want to know.
i have not been in this room for quite some many years.
when weve forgotten the true meaning of this custom..
that i was immaculately conceived.
i got men out here in harms way, and youre giving press conferences.
i dont need to go through it.
but were picking up speed again.
who or what is mr. charles?
as the avatar, you are not meant to hurt others.
marilyn is back in town.
no, you guys carry on.
chavez  this doesnt look like the watchtower.
im gonna go.
you wanna fuckin debate me?
watching that dog was the one thing anybody ever asked me to do.
look at me!
mother and father didnt come.
do you want any help from my uncle?
..and so, i could not harm him in any way.
do what i asked you to, ben.
man, this is serious!
i want my mickey mouse plate and bowl...
i just never heard anyone say it.
when did they get here?
there is a man in my house whos trying to kill me.
i dont go in there.
if you want to go to the shooting gallery of the jolly roger, we can do that.
sir, mr. verma is coming.
am i not elder?
i have no idea officer, no idea.
im not giving you anybody.
i guess i dont.
thats what were here to figure out.
dude, i think im gonna hurl.
sayid was in the middle of nowhere, but you cant find helen because she moved?
tonight, tomorrow maybe.
your safety is everything to me.
my guru loves chandrakala.
its all right. i understand.
man, thats bullshit!
is it to do with your new job?
but what about a church or food... or, say, a wedding dress?
nothing to say?
just do it, freckles.
youre just confused.
suddenly comes down with a lifethreatening condition, and youre chalking it up to bad luck?
are you freaking out?
but at what price?
you have no idea.
its not the boys fault.
im so glad you could come.
all combatants, prepare for disk wars.
piece of black, volcanic glass.
youre not coming in?
roger,i need you to go out to the medical station.
does that sound normal to you?
i knew it!
there cant be another.
i... read the news in mayapuri.
you do whatever you want with the rest of the world, but leave this town alone.
i did?  yes, you did.
anksuh your scrambled eggs!
not if you design the place it isnt.
bender and sol here correctly completed allens proof of perrons conjectures.
so what do you want me to do?
is everything fine now?
charlie went down to that place so we could all be rescued.
hey, check this out.
that libby chick seems pretty cool.
favourable signs are weak and bad signs are strong.
itsits been, uh, three years.
or is it just wrong for a muslim man to even try?
two years ago when i bought this house it was just an investment. and when we got married i thought of starting our new life from this house.
waitin for me to tell em what to do.
right now i am asking for a loan.
you want to know her secret?
you could fall in love here.
this is a family matter!
suspicious of me as i am of you.
i want me a pork chop.
you wont stay with me any other way.
nothing but fish and water and... fish and water.
ill have to admit him in the next couple of weeks, run some tests.
if youthe waited 2 years more, even..
i just spoke to the prisoner. we have a problem.
didnt do what?
if we can get rid of that form somehow.
we will ask dr. know.
lord henry gave me to understand...
you didnt go and spoil your dinner on me now, did you?
vika, youve got to listen to this.
just making conversation, dude.
just used my powers for myself.
ghaziabad, faridabad, gurgaon?
shes not playing with a full deck.
not even if you cry.
you need to tell me now, richard.
uh, were about five minutes away.
general weve developed several ciphers.
thats not the reason. harry bollstons real name is harry volk.
take her upstairs.
you know how to cook, and i know how to appear human.
no, dont cry.
theyre almost out of water.
we shouldnt take chances because hes just a priest.
it appears our initial assumptions were wrong.
yes, its her.
men loyal to alexander corvinus
one mineral water bottle.
dont youve an answer?
just tell me one thing, and dont you dare lie to me.
i was reminded how fragile it all was.
we just opened.
its my lucky day.
im your son.
look at the doggy.
what the hell?
ramona, dont be silly.
if you were any thinner, you wouldnt exist.
im up for rejection next week.
quid pro quo. you scratch my back, i scratch yours.
with neytiri its learn fast or die.
pretty strong stuff for a headache.
you just sell it.
i just have a feeling hes gonna be okay.
hey, sun. how you feeling?
whoa, whats going on here?
..and its impressive campus.
my mother stole again from me this week.
yes, this is she.
to do everything the way he does.
and why would we do that? because i dont trust him with anybody but me.
blood, family... you.
i think you know why, devon.
if you dont come with me, for now could be forever.
yeah, next time he calls me ill let you know.
its exactly why they dont trust us.
come now, clotaire.
clark, its a crackpot story. i was grasping at straws.
you mean that piece of fiction you stole off my computer?
are you gonna tell claire?
but i didnt poison you.
these are janitors keys.
i want to know who you are and how youre listening in.
so, whats your name?
hes sick, but still strong.
he spotted some tracks looked like they might be rabbit or some other rodent.
yeah, lex helped me out.
youve already wasted two wishes on jasmine.
dad, you have no idea what im capable of.
no. i think i do.
were being exterminated.
no, no, no, no. please dont kill yourself.
come with me.
ethan wouldnt hurt me.
the day i marry my true love..
and what about for her?
i can tell him when someones getting close.
bhattu, they are wantonly touching me.
i feel shy, darling.
the french chick that said, theyre all dead.
everyone wanted to talk to me at cocktail parties.
the footage does not appear to have been altered.
what if i cancel the derailer and you fail, frank?
this one goes there, that one goes there.
thats not a hedstrom file.
you know, i found a picture of zoe garfield in a box under your bed.
i didnt like what you said.
but these werent the lycans we know disgusting as your brethren may be they at least are evolved no these were raging monsters
we should be there in no time.
you come. we make you strong.
to make contact,acquire the package, and retrieve the files.
well, youd be surprised.
its important to have the warmth of elders in a house... or else a family always feels incomplete...
dont you want to come in, clark?
and in this place we found a book.
and your relation to the deceased?
it was like these random sounds and images.
im in the penthouse at the hotel earle.
its coming..its coming come on sister....you can do it
how come hes predicting like nostradamus?
sorry i wasted your time.
but how are you going to do that, any of that, and still be a part of walts life?
you need to calm down!
if you want to get away, you need to move quicker.
excuse me.ive lost my son.
martin god, its so good to see you.
i wanna go with you, dad.
hey kids guess what?
your party is over, man.
oh, where were you?
thats why they hate us.
yeah, well, that, too.
hey, put it down.
she has one of the most recognizable faces in america. where is she going to run?
look at his hands.
kill him sir.
a duplicate key of viruss office sshh ssshh sshhhs questions papers are in the red sealed envelope.... dad has set by himself.... to fail raju in exam..
he needs help.
hes a very dedicated marine.
whats wrong, man?  its jack.
that was going to be my second guess!
hmm. being about to do it and doing it.
man, i got to go.
shut the dog.
they didnt give us anything.
a childsubstitute mecha?
are we sure hes not in there?
but you dont have to do that alone.
i admire your courage, but you...
you have to stop.
beat him, he hit the auto and not giving way for over half an hour.
if you want your job back, miss sullivan, dont print what you cant prove.
hi, its john.
i hear you have been offered a job.
give holloway a call.
wouldnt you do anything you had to in order to keep aaron?
i know you understand.
as for me, im pulling out of here tonight, and i, uh...
i cant even afford decent clothes for my kid.
id be dead.
all right, everyone, richard tells me we should get to where were going by nightfall.
how on earth could i possibly control the water?
its funny, but at that moment, i remembered the teachers writing assignment
he said he wanted to check out.
whites and blacks are going at each other real soon here.
ifyou didnt know what were you dancing for?
the question is whether rizvan khan..
i mean, do the police have any leads?
i tell you what.
hey, whitney, hows your dad?
her door was locked from the inside.
boys eager to learn.
simmer down. simmer down!
derick wants to capture innocence.
take your note and get out of here. come on, get out.
its a great cause. how can i not help?
what was that all about?
you dont know anything about me.
im worth 156 million.
quiet! theres enough for everyone.
he wanted us to follow him.
you two... go scope it out!
my son isnt like that.
we found one of the smugglers about half a click west of here dressed as a priest, nigerian currency in his pockets.
what happened, siva?
we need to get off this island!
she keeps calling me until the battery doesnt go dead.
hurley, what are you doing? relax.
i might actually like you.
charlie jack, its okay.
we should keep moving.
i really appreciate all the effort that you put into this.
i dont know what youre going on about.
scale up, enhance.
through the far door.
yeah, well, you got a spot of nothing on your chin there.
all right, boys, this is the big one!
you are going to die.
i should have chosen a site lower down.
is there something you would like to ask me?
its my house.
whats he going to do?
one of my people that had the misfortune to get caught.
we need to get in here.
its a magic wand.
no. its only a small cut.
but i need your help.
rub them together all you want, theyre not gonna breed.
if you hadnt selfdestructed.
now she got you making house calls?
to bring me to some kind of a kook?
dont let him escape!
i need your key. what?
i cant go there.
ill be just like you want me to be..
how do you know i havent?
coke, never pepsi, and beef jerky.
yes, i replaced the damaged parts.
i know that youre doing everything you can... to save him,and... all right,imim gonna go,okay?
see you at 4 in wet tshirt contest.
i have a mystery, too.
richards out today.
i dont want you passing out around here.
who is it? who is the fool who called me at midnight?
polar bears dont live in the jungle.
im getting you out of here.
so this is the team?
if anyone is bothering him, its that tramp.
not that youll have any choice about it.
rejoin with sergeant eversmann.
that kid trying to brownnose me now or something?
..it will deliver this book to you.
she stayed on her own.
now, ill adorn you with these bracelets..
i woke up in free fall.
you want us to say we came in on the sub. hows that gonna work?
not my wife...
truth is, if hed come in just yesterday, id say id never seen anything like it.
what is it called in hindi?
seconal. christ, mom, what werent you on?
you dont thank for this.
great. those girls, they arent with you are they?
i didnt have any money for the bus, so he offered me a ride.
nowadays your mummy doesnt give me the chance to kiss.
how much longer do you think hes gonna stay silent?
we dont want to be found.
i didnt say anything..
you want a ride or not?
if money is your purpose, heres your refund.
trust me, money is not a problem. just name your price.
some travelling money. some of his personal stuff.
john, just hold on.  oh!
im gonna go thaw out by the fire.
i heard that he deceitfully..
chords of a music touch my life,
hey, man, i just play the piano.
do you really need all that?
they are not supposed to scare the living shit out of the children.
i was waiting for one of you to come see me, but nobody did.
well, i think i was trained to make a difference, kurth.
i did not know you were in the shower.
whoever made that call couldnt have seen lincoln running from the garag that night.
that one asked why we arent in uniform, and this one told him to shut up.
sarah,i have never been to beirut.
so, he subcontracted out an underthetable sort of deal with a former associate.
its my dad.
so what can you tell me about this man?
okay, thats fine.
dont worry after someday u stay here... ur belief in god will vanish eventually only naked girls poster sticked by your side.. n ull say oh god get me once!
you should see this.
clark doesnt really play.
i didnt account for traffic.
the unique properties of this island have created a kind of casimir effect, allowing the dharma initiative to conduct unique experiments in both space and time.
im pulling over.
i said 27 hours. give or take an hour.
were looking for claire.
laughing  can i see it?
it was my uncle who cheated him.
come on, come on. lets go.
hey, look at me, all right?
what you and sayid did to him when you first found him, you were right.
hey, red, bump me a deck.
then youll miss me while im gone.
they came back, juliet.
cant tolerate his antics anymore?
lost season4 episode01 ... ...
why cant you just put the numbers in now?
people will be asking questions soon, about what happened to your employer.
youre my problem.
your son is just performing...
theres nothing that we have that they want.
of course i want you to be happy.
the one you never talk about.
he was trying to get away from you.
right here looks pretty goodto me.
theres a small dock about a half mile due south across the water.
proceed to games.
thats right, amigo. the other side of the road.
i got so angry that i grabbed him and for a second, i wanted to
what are you doing, president?
it doesnt matter who he is!
but you dont let me do anything...
whats going on?
its not dangerous really. no, dont!
which means clean.
so dont worry about mine.
its not my business. not my problem.
steady your drift.
thats a cheeto.
our body is like a temple.
is this really how you want to remember the kids first birthday?
brother, if i was so educated....would i be selling groundnuts?
susan, you may save your comments for later.
..to make this payment was of which bank.
l dont know.
but when hes happy, hes always good.
dont know..but this is a schools address!
the longer theyre in there, the sooner theyre gonna find it.
so im just wondering if
they are here.
well, good for them.
theyre telmarines. thats what they do.
okay, if you say so.
idiot..why will i go home?
i know its in a box,but,uh...
dont leave before my performance ... second song.
want to wish something on your worst enemy?
they cant avert the desert storm as well.
why did i find that diary?
hi, welcome to the lux atlantic. welcome to the lux atlantic.
its getting away.
mrs. malkin, would you excuse us for a moment?
he just sort of rolled over.
infact im surprized how you still remain a bachelor.
there are no assholes.
thank you, mr. luthor.
its what i heard.
how could i want anything else?
hey, uh, space cadet, you wanna come back down to earth?
thats what im talking about.
of course it is.
long before christ, the king of judah was a man named josiah.
just trying to get you to smile.
were in mine.
priya, its gucci.
the man who tried to convince the world that your plane was on the bottom of the ocean?
its starting to ruin peoples lives.
what is this madness?
yes, actually.. i didnt get the documents i wanted..
i have a rare and mysterious skill that precludes me from doing missions.
who do you think is punishing us?
charles widmore.  charles widmore.
you know.. ...the one where you cant swim
it doesnt feel that cold to me.
its like theyre invisible.
theyll all be worried.
its not that i like them or i dont like them.
you said that, master.
and charlie, i am absolutely certain that if he is successful, in 90 minutes everyone on this island will die.
what was the nurses name?
good job, man. good job, john.
lets mom drop you today.
put the cake down.
well, be sure nobody sees you.
man, that kid wailed on your ass can you still hear me, bro ?
you are chatty tonight.
i get it.  now is perfect.
i dont know, lana. i bet youre braver than you think.
we are a family.
theyre just numbers, dude.
sure is great to be wanted again.
and i cant help how dear i still hold our friendship.
hes a thief and a murderer.
then that racist and his wife.
if he really were one of them, why would he still be here?
we got your fax last week about the bank bills, so when we nailed this scum with a bunch of fresh hundreds, thought wed call you.
youve grown old.  lm still better than your mother.
but were not cops.
this is our home.
it wasnt an immaculate conception, honey.
i drove it off a bridge at 60 miles an hour.
just because you didnt
what happened to the cake?
know what? dont worry about the surveys. ill just...
if you want a good word, ask clark.
okay, ive got it portside.
im taking this vehicle.
well, what am i supposed to do?
and now shes your girlfriend?
i mustve been insane to listen to your asinine gibberish.
ha, yeah, maybe.
its funny you should ask that question, bill...
the drywalls got to be torn out, the studs got to be removed.
you got it, miss markham.
..traveled all the way to delhi from mumbai.
i have a prescription for that, so...
were going to dim the lighting for tonights flight.
dr. hamilton had a copy of this in his barn.
just a little bit silly..
what is she looking for?
get as close in as you can.
youre not his father.
now is time to come in.
yes, im sure thats the exact form you got.
will never scar.
..and then left for australia with another woman. it must take a long time to run till australia, right? he divorced you from there and didnt even pay you alimony.
you shouldve seen...
im okay. thanks.
you got corn in your ears, mate?
to tell you that we can take them.
dont worry, jenny.
in 1992, my dad had three ambassador cars.
you have life, freedom.
this is a tripwire. move it and boom.
one that fears god and shuns evil.  give him up.
are you bringing them back?
it took a while to figure out what would tempt you and then it hit me.
from every angle that i study it, this is clearly a wish.
and i bet your stomach was in knots the whole time?
where did you get that?
and to know the truth im going to use this lie detector.
i hope you find everything youre looking for!
i think i know where were going now, john.
i dont know.
can you guide the convoy in there?
oh, my god!
you cant bring him in.  why not?
out ofthe question.
preparing for the wedding, pitambar?
i think we should wait.
take me there.
thank me later..
is that what you think?
we gotta make it.
what if i got mad at you?
im fine, are you fine, father?
because im gonna tell you the phones are working again.
whenever you wave this i will be here...
walk back to your helicopter.
let me go home
lm anthony coopers son.
whos gonna watch my back?
she has a class..
i cant take you to him but ill take you to a priest his look alike.
im not doing anybodys dirty work. this is my plant.
i mean, how are you?
you came to me about your father. do you remember that?
now, remember, son, stay in school, eat your veggies, burn everything but shakespeare.
..my wife doesnt let me rest a moment.
i m absolutely certain of it.
listen, has bob rickman been by the farm?
..we dont need to organise a big function for our marriage.
oh stop it mummy!
no, what im talking about happened a week ago.
who was that?
no fees required for schooling!
my life has been a monstrous corruption.
hes just a boy, and he was dying.
on the same fixed date your sister will marry duggals son.
what else could weve done?
this cant be normal.
please get down!
ive held it when it was open like this
i thought he did it, like everybody else.
you want me, hot lips?
we dont believe in curses.
what are you saying?
what did the person say?
an inner world of metaphor, of intuition of selfmotivated reasoning, of dreams.
hell get 30 years.
i understand that thats what you want.
priya, ive taken change..
you are a prisoner because they are being careful.
its john lockes suicide note.
then you know that ive been freed.
well, thats a hell of a way to live.
shes leaving in a hurry, lieutenant.
aang, can you hear me?
we can go anywhere we want to.
im telling you, saffron will be just the thing.
no, its not a joke.
stay like that for a minute. stay still.
radar reception has been impaired, but we were able to get these.
when i was young, i couldnt sleep at night, cause i thought there was a monster in the closet.
we need to ask a few questions.
yeah, we congregate here often.
im not fighting.
first day of school!
i couldnt see it, but its beautiful.
youre nothing but a liar. clark cant see it, but i can. and now youre gonna pay.
my mother has this empire.
youre ruled by your emotions. you always have been.
but they must think that were with the american military.
what are you doing here?
he didnt want this.
my mother and father could not get me to make a sound or move.
i dont know what youre talking about.
you couldve explained this before the wedding.
shouldnt it be someone with medical experience?
this is the plane were taking.
but the bodies are in there, and theyre all... dead.
where can i find dhanraj?
yes. any girl will be ready.
how come its so strong?
i know thats how i want it.
well even buy you lunch.
i like pringles.
do you recognise this man?
this man is not who you think he is.
we got militia shooting civilians at the food distribution center.
yes, right now.
if you take history, salimanarkali, romeojuliet, lailamajnu, its always them only, there no evidence of us in love.
would you like me to page him for you?
yes, this is dr. harford.
dont celebrate so quickly, she came running away from a marriage, she may have a lover, just inquire with her.
ethan took em?
im dying in this cigarette smoke, im going out.
she said it was her dream come true to be my wife.
we will do that right away.
i love you, daddy!
very kind of you to organize the evidence for me, tanya.
youre not real!
youre getting that stomachstapling surgery thing, arent you?
he was never the same after that.
if im gonna back your play on this, sayid, we need to be sure.
didnt i tell you about those love letters?
and oh, my lord, how the money rolled in!
one more thing.
no.  you sure?
its repeating a broadcast or something.
what sort, then?
chrissy, im standing in front of you in the same suit that im wearing to my fathers funeral, and im asking you a favour.
you dont know anything about this, do you?
you know what?
and sure enough, its true.
they are kids maya!
what do you want from me?
sounds like youre about something living on a... terrace.
then back to work.
we ought to file that under educational too, oughtnt we?
i dont care. i wont let anybody hurt you and mom.
talk to her...
didnt you sleep at all?
but when she wants a drink...
it was the day of the meteor shower.
ill pay sir, dont harm my family.
its really fun, banta.
now im going to open my fly and youll swallow what i give you to swallow.
so good luck finding your missing old person.
i want to walk.
im a purevegetarian.
itll cause a great catastrophe.
the food didnt matter.
he lived with them for a few decades.
i doubt ill get an interview.
big macs legacy is now no a car driver is allowed to leave the cab even if theres a gun to his partners head.
or maybe just dont want to.
the crowd seemed quite energized.
what are you doing?
angry doesnt even come close.
i had poison ivy all over me.
how can i go on without stopping?
we are a family.
i take my car and we getting out of here.
she has a head start. if we leave now, we can catch her.
youre the one thats messing up my life.
ive been commissioned for a coffee table book.
what the... stop! stop!
well, youre a very generous man.
thats cause were not the only thing flying around out there.
heather, keep an eye on them.
u can go join some other arts n commerce college but sir.. we should understand it atleast like this way mugging up from book, what the use sir?
maybe it was because of this, so no one would see who dropped it.
you were right, dory!
here we have shreya arora!
i asked you to go home.
i dont suppose, by any chance, you know nick nightingale?
i swear, thats it.
or microwave burritos?
you are lying.
you quack like one...
someone stole it.
whats he doing?
what about the braking on the freight cars?
you know, now you see it, now you dont.
burn the bodies!
beera is there when blood is shed or takes revenge for any killings
look whos crying now!
and not just any cheese. tomme de chvre de pays!
there was this girl, you were worried, you said...
it was an accident.
we can fix this thing, right?
somebody must have grabbed them at the party.
they are rehearsing for that.
ugly, slow, soft.
but somehow you know its a bunker.
why arent we doing anything about it?
with all these weird gadgets, youd think theyd give you a radio.
i was willing to put you in harms way to get there.
and those feelings dont just go away.
beera is a calm and wise man
have you finished your five minutes?
well, its impossible to compete with pouring food on your head.
cmon eat this...
i tried to decipher it for years, but its not written in any language known to man.
did you find her?
and let me guess. you know exactly what to do when we get there.
what do you thinks gonna happen?
i need a bounty hunter.
he came in on the sub,and he woke me up.
he is my pupil. my pupil.
were under attack!
..have decided to set up camp near the river.
look, im no good with words. im no good with food either.
im gonna get you, fucker! is that right?
jenny, tell me something else.
you and your friends... you turn around.
tell her on the way.
i dont hold on.
we dont know, jenny.
there he is.
mama says its old clothes.
jonathan kent was one of the best athletes i ever coached. a lot of godgiven talent.
thats a real, real short fuse.
come on, help me climb up.
there! there she is!
i dont care where you go.
complete you education first.
beezus, do you think i could be in a commercial like that?
dont ask, observe them.
john when you get to your sisters, wait for my call.
so you think the rafts gonna work?
shes texting on the phone.
a body was provided. whose body?
an octagon, maybe.
thats not true, philly.
you gotta let me call her!
leave me alone!
he came to see his daughter.
sun. the korean lady.
who elected him the leader?
no, its not that. i cant keep it.
rub some dirt on it, brother.
i would love to come on your boat derek, thanks.
youre the principal of such an esteemed college and you call me sir.
so theyre back. nothings changed.
you gave me some advice.
but very definitely made of wool.
you moved the guns. where are they?
no need of anyones order to do good thing.
i try and get mad at you...
charlie read me the riot act last night for waking him.
actually, remember i said shes a girl and a friend.
why did you get down with machirajus sister?
and such a selective brand of it?
you cant change anything.
how could i pass up an offer like that?
you know, some families might consider this inappropriate behavior.
you got any good leads for an honest reporter?
get them out here so we can cut off their giblets!
head back around towards the river
that was before my buddy at the police station told me your grandson was murdered.
i know. exactly.
one can achieve everything by trying, mandira.
well, where i come from, at my age, its the way one says, i just got knocked up.
i think this ones been drinking.
that audience was quite responsive.
remember one thing, son.
so, you wanna tell me why youre really going?
and your mother knows that something is up.
not in my house.
how many didnt have to?
and you asked me a question.
the scent disappeared about 5 miles south of bellas house.
so unless you have rumpelstiltskins head in there, i suggest you take your gift basket, get out of my tent and go make yourself useful! wow.
that ought to do it. im definitely raising your allowance.
i should have died that day. instead, i walked away with this.
how did you get here?
i was on my way to work.
children are bound to do that and not us.
do you even have to ask?
shh, shh, shh.
right by their bedroom window.
i will miss you, my son.
tonight is a big night.
i know they took your son but you have no idea what these people are capable of.
trouble with these guys.
i have but one ally left, michael
because i had you followed.
i was very happy to hear it.
red, brown, red?
make a wish, make a wish.
for someone like you to steal?
jack, let him up.
how can this become your medicine?
so you made it.
and who the hells ethan?
is that what this is about?
this is lexs limo driver.
your mother will protect you.
take this... what is it?
she threatened my son!
you werent happy, the board wasnt happy.
so i would suggest that you let him go now.
kitt,its getting hot in here.
but we have a saboteur on board. hes done one hell of a job on my engines.
you got me in a lot of trouble there, so thanks for that.
your dad, sir.
oh. got it. sorry.
han. you and chewie wanna slow down and talk to me?
i would have forgotten anyway.
lets hustle, boys, come on!
were on our way.
i said quiet.
she didnt know...
theres a lot of talk going on about whos going on this thing with you.
my peoples density is my density.  destiny.
this place aint exactly the romantic spot.
i dont think we can touch this.
i swear, if you harass clark or his parents  who said anything about harassment?
thats why i didnt give you breakfast...
hold nothing back!
howd you get in my house?
it was a severe blow to gusteau, and the brokenhearted chef died shortly afterwards, which, according to tradition, meant the loss of another star.
its my life!
well... i aint no hero, mike.
they fake deaths and identities all the time.
were the most people hed seen in centuries
yes, it does.
what will you do with him?
once it enters body, truth will come out.
l know he deserved it, but...
im not doing it for you.
no one would have guessed that an ogre named shrek, whose roar was feared throughout the land, would save the beautiful princess fiona.
why you doing this, juliet?
i am the subject.
havent you ever wanted to find out why things like that happen?
whats next, sam?
too hot for this time of year.
we tried it.
she got more holes in her than a painted lady on a porcupine.
ill find rahul anyhow.
ramona, we never use that.
he wasnt his father.
and remain as you are?
captain bellick, got someone to see you.
someone who knew a way out.
hes a teenager now. lets give him a shot.
well, what do we do now?
the fire lord and i have a plan to ensure our reign and the downfall of our enemies.
its around here somewhere.
thank you for saving his life.
do you want a cup of coffee?
im a 60yearold man with 60 years left on my ticket.
it looks so yummy.
200. fine, take the book.
khan, please dont be angry with me.
lets smoke the bitch out!
its all right, i wont hurt you.
its just an internship, i can reschedule.
if you are going to give it away...
i found 5000 in cash under a dresser.
warning, short and sweet.
nor the kids.
cant exactly see myself going into battle with that on my chest.
he isnt the problem.
i dont want to touch it.
just take us there. all right?
i heard about your dad. i know it isnt true.
what have you done with it?
how did you know?
you know, if youre worried about it,
you know, your books upside down.
me and youll take libby, ok?
hes gotten all he needs.
so if we get jammed up were holding court on the street.
in about three weeks, youll be in an almost constant state of nausea.
maybe she moved out of state.
you need your blood sugar level up.
because dinosaurs are extinct.
i wont have a choice, anyways.
you never said wed do this!
whats your next move?
first flight seals the bond, you can not wait.
this isnt an easy decision.
lets keep moving.
dude, nice catch.
collecting dust in a museum.
we have to go right now, before the helicopter gets back to the boat.
we shouldnt be later than 1 00.
i dont want you to leave me like everyone else did.
i sort of backed into some information about you.
hi, lex. ill go see your dad. see you.
no one loves me here in chandni chowk...
its a security system.
youre wrong about that.
i never wore pink.
but he swore i could.
now, maybe thats coincidence or maybe its just his natural instinct to get involved.
please keep it secret from deepthi.
hi, pepper, hi!
its not right to enter someones house..
its where i belong.
what really happened?
it was really great seeing my mom.
wed need a miracle to catch them.
i think itll stop if i can bring them back.
whats he like?
i didnt want him to die out there.
he was just being a good friend.  youre lucky, its rare.
what is the hatch?
he wears a police uniform yet works for beera
what little brother?
perhaps its new information, or somethings changed.
if i think about it, i might change my mind.
im not. he was an asshole.
whats your problem?
great. our only hunters gonna get eaten just so he can get the pregnant girl some water.
this moths just about to emerge.
so... why did you call me?
im guessing he was killed by hail.
we will not vanish without a fight!
i love you, too, mommy.
we cant go this way.
i was merely pointing out that my lord is well within his rights to refuse.
from this u can write in any angle, any temperature, zero gravity one day when i was a student the director of our institute called me he said viru shastrabhuddi. i said yes sir
how the fuck is he still alive?
im the principal of this college.
guess we put that magic to work, goldberg.
hey man, why dont we just go lock ourselves in the control room like you said?
devon, if the car is everything we think it is, we cant get hurt.
youre how old now, bruno? eight?
the arrangements are marvellous.
so theres nothing to be embarrassed about.
i didnt have time. you really, really need to check this out.
you have a lovely body, owen.
one more pull, okay?
no, our happy club has erred.
the spotlight is on you you better... lets go!
you dont look like you speak korean.
who stopped the damn drill?
are these details for you to get kicked?
firstly, its the mog or simply mog. no one calls it mogadishu here.
what do you say?
can we go then?
i needed some money.
soon as we get to the boat well go back for him.
i took it out in your name.
dont worry, if ljjas gets another copy of this book..
she will be shortly.
no matter how big a house you have..
ive understood everything.
assault with a deadly weapon,grand larceny,grand theft auto
!  its gone.
what the hells with that?
you know, ever since i won the lottery, its like... weve had nothing but bad luck.
of course they are.
dont you do that!
i pay the rejects something to keep up their spirits.
i dont understand.
ive seen you sitting by yourself.
youve taken his car, dont show up for 3 days.
why do you think that is?
if one is the kidnapper, he knows lanas seeing through his eyes.
and all this, because you had a bad dream?
a guest is equal to a god. and you cant refuse a lift offered by god.
only you can save him.
please dont give up, des.
sam phelan, metropolis p.d.
i did a little research of my own into your unauthorized botany experiment.
our blue fairy does exist in one place and in one place only.
you dare challenge me.
the other half goes way, way over.
tell them its time.
its a firsthand account of smallvilles first mystery.
im gonna start my first teaching job.
how did they open it?
my mother bought it in a casbah in morocco.
you wanted to empty bladder, right? ive brought you to toilet.
the norman rockwell ambiance seduce you?
but your fathers long persuasion finally bore fruit.
you know, three days ago, i was eating a bowl of chocolate ice cream.
um... im gonna stay out here and hang with arnzt.
im gonna call the cops.
im a person, you know?
ls he the same man or another man?
these socalled healthcare professionals just want me in bed eating jello.
no ones trained these newborns, but this isnt random.
he wears the vest on the outside, tucks his pants into his fucking combat boots.
ramona, youre extraordinary.
i just got a nosebleed.
she got spooked, she took off before i could get anything out of her.
hes baba, he may recognise him.
aarush, this is my brother.
she tried to kill it, her own child.
you never told me lincoln burrows is your brother.
besides, between the abysmal sentence structure and generous use of obscenities ive got a pretty good idea of whos been sending it.
im a little nervous.
please tell me youre gonna remember all this.
ill get my bag.
you two over there...
well be back in a few hours.
they fought here.
kick it over here.
all prisoners return to cells.
each group should have a leader. one group for water.
she wanted me to take care of tom.
hey, what is up with you? you used to be alright.
pia, the 22minutes tat i spent with u on the scooter those were the most beautiful 22minutes of my life!
you following me?
im known to locate certain things from time to time. what do you want?
as opposed to the close, personal relationship we enjoy now.
where are we going?
we know exactly whats going on.
we dont have time...
and im not the one with the dul on my record.
oh, man, i just wanna have a peaceful shift and go home, not go on a goddamn road trip.
nope, im good.  ok.
and he said he had some kind of proof.
metals that conduct electricity.
those 3 words...
would you like to hear what i have to say?
and remember, your chi can warm you.
we have a fix on three of the occurrences about to appear...
in fact, youre right.
no, im his fiance.
what do you mean?
so, im corrupting you.
as he selflessly tries to save the remaining lives in wilhemina.
man said not a day to waste.
and nobodys noticing?
he didnt do anything.
we got caught in a storm, and our ship wrecked.
maybe next weekend.
but i just have to ask you why.
you keep my secret, and ill keep yours.
waiting for someone.
thats why theyre called kids!
should i be writing this down?
her name was doris.
hes not doing well, is he?
whats your problem?
i didnt hear about that.
then how does a husband become god?
well were going to have to work on that
hail the king of madhavgarh.
to become aronyu, hunter...
why did you beat me sir?
and brian is gonna take good care of you, too.
now, tell me whats going on.
drop the phone. move away from the vehicle. no, no!
so i guess you still need that favor.
and monday morning, after a fourgame stand with new york 60,000 beers, food, merchandise, total haul
so? even if the police believe you they cant stop me.
my brother and i live in the southern water tribe, which was once a big city.
about numbers she wrote, how i came to find her.
the coroners body was disintegrated into ash.
i cant say i approve of this.
but hes ruining the soup! we got to tell someone that hes...
i will never forget this time we spent.
that wasnt yours to offer.
she went out the window.
i have to get back.
now you decide to shut up! margaret?
yeah,i got hung up.
why i need to be judged.
excuse me, tomorrow morning at 10 am...
is kind of starting to freak me out.
by telling you this... ,i am increasing your security clearance to top secret,
no but still it gains the dareness to survive remember this mantra... this is gonna become more useful over here
..weve brought a warrior along.
police radio chatter  this is where the sheriff reported the bus crash.
you lie to me, theyre gone, and theyre never coming back.
you betrayed me.
weve induced coma.
yes, i was here... 30 years ago.
raju, switch on the webcam! yaa
henry gale was hanging out of the basket, neck broken.
nows not a good time to talk?
only baba knows it.
where did you get these?
i thought i said all of them.
you get comfortable in there.
ok, just take my hand. squeeze. ok, breathe.
rizvan khans supporters are quite dejected at this prospect. however it looks like hell face disappointment all over again. a disappointed group of khans supporters..
and take one guess whats the name of the receptionist..
sorry, its none of my business, really.
it was walt.
joe, well find mardon.
it says that if you poke the exact right holes in something big and strong, it gets very weak.
today, i think you do.
good night, lana.
what? they rest of your retreat.
do i have any scars?
what happened, madam?
then you know hes put a lot of time and energy into finding you.
carlisle, you couldnt be damned.
im examining it.
so, what do you say?
lie... lfl have to lie then id say i did...
what do you wanna know?
where are you going? if were lucky, its one of the bears.
his friends are right behind us.
and you for one, are putting him away? am i correct, madam?
what does that make you, then, brother?
all right, all right, all right.
you mean the same guy that killed two women in cold blood to set this little bastard free?
he says you dont need to talk in whispers.
i know you, sayid.
ii dont know what to tell you.
we always have locked doors on either end.
shake down shantytown!
dont leave me alone, ok?
thats just not good enough.
what do we do?
libby, can you carry the radio?
darling, are you all right?
youre missing the spring formal because of me.
you gotta help me out.
ill go find this.
we crash, two halves of the same plane fall on different parts of the island.
ive gotta find him.
my abbu father dilawar amanullah khan worked for..
you dont want to be rescued, do you?
l got dumps that are bigger than you!
you said we were chosen.
you know, a less magnanimous man than i might be thinking he could beat the living snot out of you
no, sir. weve counted the money.
what was it like giving birth on the island?
soon as youre out of here, im gonna take you there myself.
i cant believe it.
well... how did they stay together then?
understand n study..enjoy the beauty of science yaar im not here to enjoy thing... then wat?
how could she just be gone?
must have hit the reef.
why dont you keep quiet.
oh. thank god.
tell who u are..or else i shall immerse ur dads ashes over here itself handover dad to me!
i did see kyle swing at whitney, but...
second day say friendship, third day say close friend, fourth day say boy friend,
this tankll get plenty dirty in that time... but we have to help it along any way we can.
stupid game. whos brave enough to try to win the prize? mom is mad!
bestcase scenario, wed only be able to broadcast tone squelch.
just as it was on the day i first took another mans life.
i submit that this was not a hotblooded crime of passion.
we had promised something to this idiot!
mom and dad would be very sorry and theyd miss me.
its good having you back.
i think the operative word is gulp.
all right, theyre here. get the wounded ready to move.
mom, what is this?
when he was taken?
ive been so busy meeting people. i even got invited to parties this weekend.
i want to know how you got to him... and where he is, right now.
this is our best chance.
to solve that unsolved puzzle i need a book.
shot in the back, very sad.
we all feel like that a little bit.
im not gonna complain.
probably all those years sitting in the sun in sainttropez.
for the past three months, its just, theres some plan, some responsibility, somewhere we have to be, someone you have to talk to.
all right, all right, all right, thats enough.
there has never been a hybrid before
babbling like an idiot, asking, why was all this happening to me?
you know my name, but i dont know yours.
man its a vaccine, we dont want him to get sick.
youre very sweet.
they didnt want whatever caused it to spread.
im sorry. my names dominic senatori, i work for lionel luthor.
i didnt want this to get complicated.
where am i? where am i? where is this?
i have experienced it.
that happens when you withdraw and you dont deposit.
im going to los angeles.
he strung me up in a field.
the smallest idea, such as your world is not real.
hell, youre lighter.
my father told me that youd gone. i...
he said he was about to change everything.
may i have the binoculars, please?
to hell with the a.c., man.
what the hell is wrong with you?
answer the question!
no, its gammys big birthday tomorrow night.
what are you doing?
he proceeded to tell me that if we buried it underground, then things would work out splendidly.
somebody else did.
did you actually see him washing the pants, or not?
ow.  willa jean, come to grammy.
who sent you?
all right, im gonna call rahway and see if we can get down there tonight.
yeah, i know, we move a lot.
get out of here, tbag.
jacob told me what we had to do...
im a journalist with the inquisitor, and i would like to write a story about you.
does it make any difference?
whered you find it?
did you hear anything the other night...?
once we determine the blast radius and street density,
i find that there are many gaps.
is someone shooting at us?
times up! lets move it!
ill pick him by his ear and check him.
what about him?
what couldve happened there?
okay, tell him.
not the same as us.
mithras, lord of light, father of our fathers, accept whatever sacrifice that i may not bring misfortune to my legion.
john... youre not really gonna pretend you dont remember that i was an orderly in the hospital right after your accident?
we should wake up and see the truth as well.
im the guy who can get it for you.
by the way, what problem does your dad has with jenny.
just you and me.
i wanna meet him.
its totally you.
can she hear us?
you should take daniel.
damsel, your beauty is full of..
prince mahendra pratap singh.
what are you doing?
just in case.
everythings gonna be okay. ive got a plan.
hey, what are you doing?
missed the rope!
how do you know my soninlaw?
why you hadnt done the recent autopsy on karen swenson.
give me a hand up.  all right.
i promised that i would.
not the girls.
probably wrapped in a blanket
you believe me now, dont you?
dont they say that, hey?
get out of my sight!
sneaking out, huh?
youve got too much wood inside, gonna smother the leaves.
yeah. right. michael.
coming in my shelter dawn and dusk.
time to lose.
so this is where scofield lived?
ive got enough problems with nell without adding more to the mix.
then let him bring it forward.
well, great timing.
though it troubled you, job is done, right?
but be careful what you shoot at.
fate hasnt punished us, priya..
just let maya handle the kids and you stay out of it.
she tell you that?
yeah, i know about it.
no. im still getting the answering machine at home.
when is kind of a relative term.
okay, come on, im ready.
why? you mean we get to watch it?
well go to hotel kaake but only after goin to imperial college of engineering
like a day when you were a baby.
that is rich coming from you, dwarf.
dont i know it.
then ill come by, pick you up at seven.
henry, muffled how about you let me go?
i killed someone he loves.
its not your fault, clark.
there was, um, a lot of gunfire.
oh yes. pink is so my colour. oh no, no, no.
i cant get this guy to be quiet.
and, since i was here first, i think you should go.
theres never been a hybrid before
its a fast food restaurant.
you let me down son.
do any of these boats look familiar to you?
they made him laugh.
dont flatter too much your giving yourself away
this is very important.
man just wants to be happy.
any of this ringing a bell?
maybe id better take marker detail.
its just as well. he might be hungry. its just as well.
last night, i dreamt you were dead... murdered like all the other girls.
my dear boy, marriage makes a life of deception absolutely necessary.
not until the fat lady sings.
i have my people turning this place upside down.
so what brings you out at this hour?
honey, have you seen my wallet?
nobody knew anybodys names the first night.
now, theres a lot of press that want to speak to you.
you know what im talking about.
lets see if we cant get above this weather, smooth things out.
i cant believe this.
hello, priya. hi.
you told me what that guy said.
i want you to answer me!
will you quit fucking doing that?
i wanna show you something.
kinda sucks, huh?
what the hell is going on?
and what if we cant get anyone else to come with us?
im trying to contribute something.
ally  hi, sheriff.
and ive hidden it in the one place you would turn to in a moment of great desperation.
darn happy club!
theres good in your heart.
im not rich.
food will come, remy.
arent you cold?
this is how its done.
youll be the only one who gonna catch his tail not me, now youre crossing the line, no im making line in between, because i have to support my family!
you can fight wit me later, my mother and sister are here.
charles isnt imaginary.
you know what i was doing when the plane went down?
not only has this depraved monster robbed us of our daughters... the young and fair blossom of the city... and by his wanton acts, has brought our trade... our livelihood, our very existence... to the brink of eternal darkness!
dont i need 21?
theyre gonna find it.
no, hell be all right.
it does not seem logical to be upset about the situation.
please dont leave us and go.
so i can end up in here with you?
if i had dared a little bit.. life would have been somethin else!
just put me out the crew, huh?
turn him over.
how do you feel about that?
youre here, arent you?
whats going on, clark?  i dont know.
as bad as you are, those things are worse.
the guy with the gray hat!
i killed mike traceur.
orange blossom, i believe.
i promised lana id be there.
here you go. one more.
it may be the last safe place on this island.
you think they should just give up?
but hell be back.
and last night, when you were talking about the accident, you got it all wrong.
ok, are you sure?
you said your brother died in his sleep.
my mind populates it.
have fun tonight.
how come they are two?
yeah, but look at the photo.
may i ask you a question?
why does it have to be you?
death to the user!
teachers, when we were growing up, used to always say
your life will be set.
how do i make this feeling go away?
should you kill me?
is that it, huh?
hey, i dont like this!
dont look down, alright.
i wish youd all stop trying to sound like grownups.
so i went down to the waiting room and waited there for a good couple of hours.
but i dont like you ordering me to get coffees.
they wont be expecting us.
if you have to go, then you have to lie about everything.
just remember one thing.
and if you do, well let you and walt go free.
this is kilo 11. im at the durant crash site.
first sign here.
..i went there to look for priya.
only two choices  shrimp in mild sauce, shrimp in hot sauce.
shes got a bit to learn... about being a mum.
were all gonna die.
...not in front of the kldg!
you got one gun.
our moms were on pta together.
lets get paid, man!
where is my money?
theyve been poking around.
theyre trying to extract a number from your subconscious.
use the crowbar.
..rehabilitate the population of wilhemina.
its just a camera.
what did he need the bomb for?
lets go for a ride!
im going after it, whether theyre on it or not.
i got a native doing a funky chicken here.
they dragged nine people into the jungle, the kids, and theres no sign of em?
its human nature to try and hold on to things.
oh, theres one more thing.
whoa, whoa, whoa!
..and she wouldnt have realised.
put dewey on the phone.
you knew it and let us come anyway.
but why are we after this story?
alceste is my best friend, a fat boy whos always eating.
i called you once and you both came here.
g, now what?
in the equations and logics that lead to reason,
well, i appreciate your input there, quick draw.
what do you say, bea?
think again, rookie. theres only one way off this team.
probably a mercenary.
there are only two kinds of people in this world.
why dont you introduce your family? yeah, okay
all right, well, take us to the island.
hows it going, ghost?
dont take that away from me.
you cant even hear it, but she relishes on it.
youre gonna have to lie.
i think about how desperate you were to stay on that island.
thats why my jenny likes it.
he was management at one of abruzzis warehouses.
that voice is weird. what is that?
i didnt want her to go.
come on, come on.
you killed abaddon.
hey, i can sketch the letters.
nothing will happen to them...
i dont wanna read that.
i think it was something in the water.
i lost him.
you didnt fall from the sky as a readymade mom...
were going on vacation, baby.
killed them instantly.
and thats why she needs body fat.
ls that what the devil told you?
what are you doing here?
im sure youve got a load you need to drop in, jethro.
look what you did to my boy!
why are you leaving?
maria won them all.
within a week, grenouille was well again.
fine. im a huge fan.
why are you punishing yourself?
we need to talk.
give the phone to that son of gun.
cool. you fixed it.
just getting some fresh air.
here... now you truly look like mrs. yashvardhan raichand.
get on up there. get on up there. you can do it.
id love to, granddad. i really would, but...
ok. uh, hello. my name is marlin.
locke, get out here!
he took me to see my mother.
you dont take a consist this size that distance in reverse.
well move when the temperature situation is rectified, all right?
doctor told me i need to take it easy.
this is the beach closest to the campus.
they knew exactly where and how to hit us.
you go, i dont want to go.
you live in the village?
and i got to be a gusteau or, you know, people will be disappointed.
go with my son.
you know who that is, bill?
you keeping my boy in line?
good to see you again.
pretty soon, the dentistll have to clean the tank... and when he does, hell take us out of the tank... put us in individual baggies... then well roll ourselves down the counter... out the window, off the awning... into the bushes, across the street... and into the harbor!
come on, i want you to see the truth.
wont you talk to me?
i got time.
i gave you all the meds two days ago.
try fairy tale.
what are you doing?
she was going for a dress fitting and to look at tablecloths.
where are you take me?
lets see how the score comes out.
you waste energy and time!
my dear boy.
picky pickys dead.
well, what i have discovered is beyond you and your problems and your threats.
maybe it is time you had this back.
robert we need to talk about a power of attorney.
i see you managed to hold on to your best friend, there.
after i passed the 10th class, my uncle took me to my place.
what are you supposed to do, spend the rest of the school year hiding under your bed?
is there anything particular you seek, my lord?
if it was my choice, id be a soldier all my life.
lts going to be okay!
you know well the consequences if you murder me or william
certainly they must be the key to the meaning of existence.
shouldnt we start moving again?
ls it him?
she told me someone was after her, she was being attacked, and i...
no one wins.
acolytes, prepare the holy spigot!
have you seen a mammoth?  no.
craig perry shuts the door as mark helfrich tries to overtake him.
you and i have common interests.
you got it.
not even i am intimate with the secrets.
so we lie.
clark never liked it.
whats your idea?
i dont think it was easy for her being here, but i think she did the best she could.
no, i wont be sleeping.
as your wife. i want to spend my entire life with you.
how can i?
thats when the dozers get there.
youre both here because this incident has created a public relations nightmare for me.
the thing about perfection is that its unknowable.
this guy is a friend of mine.
i believe were paying quite a premium for that kind of privacy.
it seems hes arriving tomorrow with your sister at samshabad airport.
yeah, like that.
weve been very calm right up until now.
i wanna use you for somethin.
ill also not believe it.
oh, yeah. i believe these are yours.
shes in possession of the tape now, then?
the last time i heard of concrete being poured over everything in this way... was chernobyl.
the two theories seem to be i either ran the plant into the ground through incompetence or did it deliberately to go back to metropolis.
but if you cant even confide in me i dont know why were going out in the first place.
i just wiped my ass with a 100 bill.
go..go son.. live ur life
you shouldnt argue about such petty things.
listen   im supposed to do this, damn it!
were not gonna have reception.
always in the talks.
didnt he also try to impale the kid with a spear?
put him in that humvee!
we will. first well have a week of uncomfortable silence then well talk about something trivial.
its been lying with me for the past so many days..
you keep your left arm, i will keep my settlement.
because, well... we are happy. so happy.
my office is on the highway.
i dont. but every time i look at this car, i wonder.
what, you all dont know each other?
good evening, and welcome to death match.
im enjoying myself!
... andi wasterrified...
but its still hope.
were experiencing a paradigm shift.
oh, we canceled your reservation.
i did not tell them who was involved.
they are just so rich with... passion...
call me squid.
i think i have an idea... close your eyes... keep them closed
what the hell you doin?
what did you tell to gain entry?
the aquascum 2003 is an allpurpose, selfcleaning... maintenancefree, salt water purifier... that is guaranteed to extend the life of your aquarium fish.
why not? a real woman is always covered from head to toe.
naomi is hurt.
check on jasper.
im going in!
and from the smell of your breath, i suggest you take the ticket.
whats a secret gang?
ill make it up to you. hey, you wanna play?
it wouldnt hurt to visit.
thought you might be tired of knocking.
das what?  das ist gut!
and after that i can absolutely keep you afloat.
maybe we should have let them.
would you like a blanket? would you like a blanket?
a few stings aside.
i love her maya!
alice says theres a storm coming.
it was the cartoon about fish.
just wanted to know if wed seen earl, said he hasnt come down from the logging unit yet, wondered if wed heard from him.
this time, i found me in the drawing room.
no father, nothing come.
these people... theyre just using us.
no, ive just decided smallville really isnt worth the hassle.
once im outta your line of sight, ill call off mr. killer from outside dads and then youre free.
who is this again?  the same man.
route 66 runs directly beneath that building.
help us out, hurley.
you mean the girl?
it hasnt happened for a while.
hey, have you seen my toothpaste?
havent you heard?
you have to pay for the ticket, sir!
wheres bens house?
.... will u come?
he understands every breath ofmine.
hows it going?
theres no other lady like her in the entire land..
pass the bar, get hired by some fancyass, highpaying law firm.
not going to happen, john.
how exactly do we pull this off?
haddad would like that.
its really at the mercy of your subjects prejudice, you see?
to have drinks and forget the pain.
child services came and took ryan away about 15 minutes ago.
patience... a quality which you lack,
andrew, you lied to us.
ive been developing a theory.
please, wait!  youre sick, too!
i want to sop and seenu is refusing to come with me.
move your head if you can hear me, mandy.
ok, done deal.
take this, now put this back, k!
youre gonna be all right.
well, youd better get busy cause you only have 70 hours.
nicely done, john.
now, brian, go easy.
may i take your coat?
ladys finger has now become 12 rupees per kg and cauliflower 10 rupees world is looting all over and upon that your these kind of letters come from college what will we eat?
hey, chloe, could you?
i have another year to go, but hopefully my grades...
calm down, pete. im going to call clark.
yeah, he looked just like you.
it will only take a moment.
you know, its exciting for me to experience you like this.
say something impressive.
she was pretty excited to hop on that chopper and get the hell out of here.
away you go, girl!
whats your name?
i wish i knew where bhai was, raj.
enough highdensity microwave could break up their energy field.
you have a visitor.
honey, im sorry we laughed.
because if you dont marry me, your dreams of touching the lives of millions with the written word are dead.
510, 220, 52 years old.
ill cut my throat to bring him back, dad.
love story without i love you.
you cant just go snooping around someones house.
its all right, mike.
wolf telepathy, remember?
look, i... am going off... away to a hunt, and, um...
yo, the white boys cheating!
i said shut up!
those pajamas will fit.
well, actually, i was sort of hoping youd do me a favour.
for the worlds more full of weeping than you can understand
you just push this yellow button  and, uh, turn this knob on the console.
how long have you been railroading?
its a great tradition.
and what happens if we dont push it?
i think i got something.
you know what they say about money, dont you, chavez?
remember, the warden leaves at 500 tonight, so by 505, were going to need that key.
enough...enough of it.
i push you, lex, i dont deny it.
mr. merrimack, you have the right to remain silent.
he has his sights set on wheeler lab, mits military thinktank.
he was on parole, needed the money, and thats when i got the idea.
anybody goes to the cops, the only thing theyre gonna remember is a guy who looks like hes been in a bar fight.
yelling at her because she wanted to help get mike makes a lot of sense.
soninlaw, give me your hand.
i simply walked up to him and said,
make me, sloth!  , !
we cant. the numbers...
i learnt driving by stealing cars.
so if theres nothing else
why are you standing here?
..and each of his british friends.
is everyone in their seats?
every trail in this files leads to one person, harrison wells,
okay. grab some water bottles.
see you guys at dinner.
immerse, immerse, immerse.
lets bleach it up.
you want to get out of here?  of course i do.
im not going to admit defeat.
no, no, no. not staring. sensing.
thats what i do.
it all couldve been avoided if theyd just, you know, communicated.
why is saying this to us?
just something to pass the time.
well, if you can call it that.
were waiting because charles widmore, the man trying to capture me and kill the rest of you, knows about this place and knows what we need is inside.
how does a place this big never get discovered?
have you ever killed anyone?
we have to talk.
its all right, lu.
not feeling well?
i think youre right, so, uh... so, lets cut to the chase.
write all night, just like the old days.
if we tell them what we know we take away their hope.
he didnt leave me, honey.
but then, in the spring of 1949 the powers that be decided
so i found a pretty lady with a dumb husband who had some money.
i didnt kill them.
hes just delivering a message.
paris or rome?  no.
the whole city is immersed in water, sir we cant do anythin!
when should i come back?
thats not gonna work, my friend.
i told you that, so that you wouldnt spend what time we had left trying to do something.
and what of the avatar?
your mission is to dig in here so you can die in a slightly different way?
you got my number.
their plane crashed, or maybe they were shipwrecked.
it didnt look human.
i can hear you.
i had to improvise.
you should see the crash directly ahead.
come forth and sit...
uh, he was fine when i last saw him. which was when?
i know how he thinks.
do not come back.
this is emile, my brother.
lf l ever think like that..
edward you should thought about that before you shot that piece of shit.
theres another one.
now then, about my car.
no disrespect, but i dont know that you do.
a killer without conscience or a greater purpose.
i wont leave him!  ok. get the baby on the chopper.
youve been at this for far too long with far too little success.
what brings you here?
use me like a genie.
the worlds most fantastic car.
i thought that her pregnancy was amping up her stress, and i...
you want me to fight, ill fight.
ill claim him.
you could have called it in.
that case aint yours, is it?
no. no, thats all right.
veer, be victorious.
he was onto something.
my dreams are right before my eyes.
claire thinks she knows where there might be some medicine.
you talked to that psycho?
but you lied again while leaving.
i wanted to clear the air and preserve our friendship but now i dont even know why i bothered.
the switch is where now?
look, i saw the way you were looking at my dad yesterday.
where are you going?
im not here on vacation trust me.
no, thats not true.
hiram kent. wasnt that your grandfather?
this thing right?
you told me to get on the helicopter, and you said youd get jin.
yes, what do you want with him?
what about lana?
i aint gonna gimme you nothing.
no, im not.
all right, sheriff, make your move.
youre gonna die.
i may just be a little kid, but im not stupid.
its hard to believe its only been three months.
who has it?
because i know you are going to be all right...
this is not good for the kids either...
you find walt, michael.
they have ruined everything.
colin, youre my little brother, okay?
hell think this is aarushs house.
every evening i load up the cart and make my rounds.
dont look at me, he does that all the time.
one isnt in the manifest. he wasnt on the plane.
nothing personal, but from now on i work alone.
id like to make your portrait my principal piece.
blood drive at school. lanas running it.
and theyre gone again.
well, now you know better.
you can read?
its the password.
when i first met you, i thought...
ill stay. you guys go ahead.
open up a little hotel right on the beach.
cause i aint got nothing back there for me.
its not here.
no, but she knows about aaron, and thats all that matters.
can i talk to you?
you need to know that theres a chance sara might very well need professional care for the rest of her life.
you all better hurry..grounds melting..
what no?  the batteries are dying.
papa, i dont have any left right problem.  ls it?
boy, oh, boy.
the cops are on the way.
what is it?
dont tell me what i cant do.
i was trying to get honest answers.
so, the vaticans really interested in this one, eh?
youve gotta warn them if this is getting worse.
taken pills for malaria?
is that it?
oh, yeah, who needs 150 million, right? now itll all be gone, cause they all think im dead.
when i get the chance, i will kill you.
and for three years i watched him work harder than anyone else at our company.
do you like him?
where were you for the last one year?
catch up with you later, man.
you have got to understand, i am the warden of a prison.
can lunatics tell the truth?
why are we on your clock, radzinsky?
yeah, thats me.
what do you know?
naomi had it with her.
why am i not surprised?
amanda, go outside.
mm. well, maybe theyre working things out.
what were you trying to do, set a record?
the calculated distance from source is only 375,000km.
maybe i shouldnt let you go just yet.
son of a bitch wont even know what hit it.
most people are.
youre sitting staring at bodies.
your dad wasnt the one driving the car, was he?
but his father did.
that reminds me...
when i was 10, i tried to run away to metropolis.
you should be a fireman.
hello, jack. did he tell you that i was off the island?
youre hiding your wages in a tin can, annie.
its okay, clark.
we never did.
why are you speaking like that?
these amulets cant rid you of curse.
theyre in the amazon.
what are you gonna get done?
lets get the champagne!
she hit that. i saw that with my own eyes.
with my disk, its possible.
thats why its difficult to control her.
i like that.
this is 62, delivered chalks.
no, its perfect.
they want us to switch rooms.
danni, danni, danni, where the hell is crystal?
what about whitney?
but id rather tell the truth and lose you.
must be a kid who looks like him.
and theyre running off to practice.
but its impossible.
your father spoke with principal kwan. we know what happened.
and neither could i until i found out the accident happened in shusters gorge.
ok listen..ill handle pia..u pull out the pricetag!
you mean theres more?
well have the next drink on the plane, ok?
i want you to wear this to the game.
and its the only time we intervened.
i should get back...
you know what, i work in a company close by, its called the origin, submit your cv, and im sure i can get you a job,
there has to be something i can do.
if weve to find the real address of that lady its necessary to find the papers of that house on which mr. vishwatma wants to put a restrain.
where did you get...?
so i can figure out who threw me out of a fucking airplane.
hell give whatever you ask. go!
and what about my hetal?
is this your idea of having it covered?
i reached railway station after running away from home.
what is it?
allow me... to introduce...
ii didnt say that.
i gave it a virus.
hes no enemy combatant.
only back then, he was called marvin candle.
heard it from one of the c.o.s over in gen pop.
get down and offer prayers.
the kid that kent saved today?
you go ahead.
whos james ford?
whats she gonna do?
please aunty, dont cry in front of him!
im not majors son narasimha.
my hopes are inflamed
thats the wrong cylinder.
no, i m afraid not.
i didnt expect that.
hes such a loser.
and a whole lot of innocent people,
if not... youre a corpse.
this should be money enough for now.
we can go steady.
stabilize in the bird.
you are lying.
and i am not your enemy!
i dont get to see the real world for another five years.
well put a move on.
how dare you cheat don seenu!
you wont convince him one way or the other.
i know what its like to have to hide who you are from the world.
you should have seen it through a window. it was awesome.
when is papa going back?
dont worry, ms. berenberg. youre in good hands. thank you.
sir please sit down!
i didnt get a chance to ask him.
youre eating his ashes!
knock it off.
you sure this is where you put it?
mind yourself, love.
er, can somebody tell me what the...
if you guys want to keep that smile.
a beautiful princess?
i just needed a walk.
must be the needles.
what we heard.
this is a place for prayers to be heard.
but i cant sense unexpressed feelings.
that he knows what happened to simon stagg.
what are you...?
if he also chooses you move quick like i showed.
ill never get that promotion.
my wedding ring!
itll get soiled...
give me dobbs on the horn.
that was a joke, clark.
well, shed sabotage the whole operation.
last night, you wanted to tell me something.
oh, im not supposed to be here.
im not finding a record of any faraday.
fulfill your promise.
chloe leaves for a day and the torch goes down in flames.
not yet, ms. castle.
so he destroyed them.
until then, if you want to live, you need to come with me.
i know hes here.
whats it made of? lead.
devon, i dont even know me with this face.
i cant. i have a bad fin.
why dont we just do it? lets just do it really fast.
he looked down and realised that she is a he!
i will find something.
you see how much he liked my story.
it goes with this one from your mom.
alicia i once tried to count them all.
you needed a friend.
lts great seeing you.
sir, could you please turn that off?
you drugged me?
greg collected bugs there when we were kids.
im not bald.
so how goes the platform?
immediately after the prisoners are loaded...
i was still in the hospital. i never saw him.
i thought she might be able to help me.
stop, heyhey... whats that sound..?
because if you dont everything were about to do wont matter at all.
did i say that?
you must go now.
so hows whitney holding up?
his eye line is too high, right?
and im not being vain, im just confident.
buffed those shoes to a high mirrorshine.
neither did you, son.
hi, mrs. kent. hi, mr. kent.
hes shocked! arent you?
or... today. i dont know, i dont really get the whole time change thing, but i gotta make that flight.
i dont need them anymore.
a tiger doesnt change his stripes, james.
i think youre hurt deeply.  no...no...
are you going to get it right this time?
therell be an explosion, and well be burned alive.
now, me and lilli, however.
alright, radio and hand signals.
say..do u dare..
then tell him.
tarva, the lord of victory, and alambil, the lady of peace, have come together in the high heavens.
finally. someone who keeps it simple.
just tell him that clark kent called. thank you.
that goes for you too, virgil.
its great. ive got one just like it.
could it be shed do just about anything to get on that raft, so she could get herself rescued?
what are we doing?
i cant tell about other colleges but this is one of the finest college in the country im running this college from 32 years i brought this college to no1 from 28th position sir wat no1 sir ?
and make no mistake, they will drop, with or without you.
no food, no education, no future.
hes evil i salute you
i was wondering, where is tacoma?
we gonna take the ball game to them real soon.
somebody might have died out there.
we dont have any proof.
good morning, cambridge savings.
would your daughter like to come?
its a great city.
the torch prints the graduation speech every year, right?
come on, nemo. how far can you go?
hate to break it to you.
before i describe the job, i have to know you can do it.
he isnt educated but knows everything
slide the strip into the meter, were ready to go.
what else has that guy got to do but stress?
she was miserable.
the drop has been compromised.
nothing has changed nandini.
its amazing how productive doing nothing can be.
mama jenny, please dont hug me.
but this fool will take everything from this house.
you may be..
its your damn hormones.
and in death... finds freedom.
i dont care what youre into.
you wanna lower the weapon?
martin all right, whos next?
d, help me first.
what are you looking for?
i can make time.
why did you leave my life with loneliness?
i want to add something to this world.
who hired you?
jenny, how do you work here?
destroying my whole inheritance?
welcome back to the land of the living.
itll make it that much sweeter when we take them down.
you know,dear mom,everythings fine.
he could do time for that.
this is weird, huh?
bishop mcmorrow is not in the fold.
i got myself into something. i think i might need some help.
yeah, i know, its hilarious.
put the gun down.
i feel that weve to find steve first.
well, weve begun our initial descent into miami.
theres at least two of them across the river.
hes coming soon, sweetie.
and this is where you sleep. its quite cosy, isnt it?
there are many bonds other than friendship.
you need this more than i do.
i found it right by that tree.
look, its not too late to fix it.
give me your i.d....
what time did you get in last night?
they couldnt have had a more entertaining party...
im not gonna starve. right.
easy as shit.
enter under penalty of death
grab the rope.
that separates a mother from her child that takes away... a brother from his sibling...that throws a father away from his son...?
i never liked it.
you stupid lizard!
no signs of internal bleeding. give me vitals. heart is throbbing extremely low.
who did you expect numb nuts?
turn around here.
the only picture of my father and me appears in the luthorcorp annual report.
well... you will.
if i told you their names l m not gonna tell you their names...
richards always been here.
ill be able to teach him lots of things... like soccer and riding a bike.
it happened in a parking lot.
and we all need him.
but he must have said it to win sandys heart.
might as well kiss my scholarship goodbye.
jack? jack? jack?
riley wouldnt tell us.
id be asking all kinds of questions about all this stuff down here.
good life get a little boring?
yeah, i wish she made one for me.
itll loosen you up.
that would be jack.
you called the cops.
and they threatened hurt me.
the worlds a better place without him.
weve lived a mile apart all our lives, and youve never come over.
im not so sure he didnt.
i need to talk to aarush, alone.
id get as far away from here as you can, girl.
no, i could just work out of the library. man
what should i sign? ill not give that 10 also.
you want your old life back, you do it.
i dont understand why youre all lying.
hope we never see each other again.  roger that, doc.
you ok, hurley?
im sure there are things from your past that youd rather not talk about.
how many drinks did you have at lunch, dad?
why dont you go back to them?
you know, visitation rules stipulate that conjugals are only for married couples.
so, like, what happened out there?
she is very weak.
have you imprinted on someone?
of course i believe in him.
you dont want that kind of blood on your hands, believe me.
then how come i can wiggle my toes?
one minute, lets go.
not a great time, hon.
how do you know this?
ever think he might have lied about his name?
the kids are down.  thanks.
im sorry i went with locke.
i know what youre doing.
you didnt even tell me?
he has a name.
are you gonna take care of it?
maybe she needs help sending radioactive emails.
jewels have been selected, if i select saris, next is my marriage.
oh, my god.
things i need to remember.
then you can take me to your ship.
now i have one for you.
i cant guarantee that. what i can show you are signposts on your journey.
so? what did i do wrong?
im trying to tell these motherfuckers about your father.
and you can get married like we did, in the barn.
i need some water.
but thats what mamas do...
jenny, on whose side are you?
now, i will give you two months to find another job.
well leave you behind.
i could be anyone.
out sider has entered our business, few days back rasool lost men and recently i lost my men, we lost big money, lets settle the differences between us later, we can take on him only if we stand united,
you licked it!
hey, man, you remember that radio we made?
..what is it..
who is your type?
we have the will and the means to follow through.
i figured itd, you know, help her with closure.
welcome to moscow.
whatever you do is what shall be.
hows it going?
the promised land of perfume.
i got him!
what was all that about, then?
no, were going over to marks...
saw the whole thing, dude.
you dont realize it.
yes, you heard right.
youre working yourself too hard.
you must be part possum!
its happened to my friends, too.
all right, hold it up.
but vincent, he ran off again.
it looks like shes heading towards the morgue.
you can give your life back for the spirits.
it wont harm the baby. i promise.
but you cant afford to do it.
why do you need glasses?
i was on the plane with the marshal.
its not what you think.
well, it wouldnt be a sanctuary if i told everyone, would it?
you give me a beer.
im gonna ask you... to trust me.
ill say, my friend jenny is here.
the guy who called the feds on me back in australia did it for a 23,000 reward.
does he have anything else on him?
your mother was gonna leave me.
you know what i think, charlie?
where are you going now?
come over quickly. take down the address.
charlie wrote on his hand
thats why called you both here.
my car broke down outside the talon and you gave me a ride home.
he just wants me to think that it is.
telling him the truth, hes gonna leave them alone?
hes sure this time.
lj... were not here to hurt you.
youre awesome, aunt.
were keeping him alive because hes been on this island a lot longer than any of us, because he has information we need, and because apart from his mouth, hes completely harmless.
ill go and get it.
hey, richard, craig, jerome, come here. i got a great idea...
yeah. my cheques are bouncing.
i said now!
oh, youre welcome.
he never hits people.
but we havent been able to pinpoint its exact position,
let us entertain ourselves.
was in the best interests of this project.
tattoos like that havent been seen in over a century.
you poisonous bitch!
theres some even more exciting news, but i think dad wanted to tell you about that himself.
i saw the whole thing.
its all bloody real!
yes, quite a few.
what if we didnt change anything?
ive never seen a group of young men demonstrate such extraordinary stupidity.
your name is ethan.
okay. almost there. almost there.
im not so sure he was a priest.
open the gate!
please make a good impression on her.
we cant just let her go.
ill start working after talking to my son.
ready to go on table seven. come on!
oh, whoa whoa, what have we here?
and we waited for rescue, and there wasnt any rescue.
papa, for the first time today he said grandpa.
i couldnt say it.
the beds take a little getting used to.
whered you hear about a necklace?
but i m sure hell be all right on his own a little longer.
all right, lets get those axes sharpened and weapons packed!
okay, just step forward and well get started with the game.
what is he to the madam?
if you come, youll also get trapped, tell me on phone.
i mean... whoo!
the last 24 hours have been really exciting!
i mean, we just met five months ago.
like youre something special.
i was thinking about what you said  that its not a meversusyou thing, its an us thing.
come on. lets go say goodbye.
you dont see many women working law enforcement out here in cowboy country.
your stepfather withdrew all the money from that account.
helen is where shes supposed to be.
one day youll appreciate everything i do for you.
theres something real off here.
you are quite welcome.
you close? we were. how about now?
ill go with you.
it had claws.
you are right!
is not that old.
even if we tie those bills to a certain job, it doesnt prove cozier did anything.
bye, benny. bye.
then i guess well never know.
trust me, i dont know.
exposed in the spotlight.
hope you got yourself some jaws of life back in cave town.
shh, dont cry, dont cry, its ok.
what about the button?
you just want to get away...
i figure, that way it can protect your memories.
doctors arent sure.
so you guys have girlfriends?
ill be back as soon as i can.
about two months ago.
you and i are getting married! yes.
we have a family.
didnt think you had it in you.
when the bombing started, he fled to hillah.
listen,john,im sorry. i asked you where he was
what are you doing out here?
dont gloat just because your guy won.
well take it.
your father brought nandinis proposal...
i didnt get anything that i wanted in my birthday.
appreciate it if you didnt cause us any trouble.
youd never have come across a loser like him.
what happened to your phone?
..and no one knows what kind of food..
i think your friend is very sensitive.  yes.
i dont need you right now.
hes on his way to your hotel and thats why you need to listen.
thank god youre okay.
relax, hes a garbage boy.
next time, i knock your rocks into the next county.
can i get you anything?
but i left it at home...
im gonna be your best friend
the boy. were gonna have to take him.
the occasional cocktail at the corner cafe, the classic latenight movies.
its not my fault.
ill walk down, you come.
it seems theyll not et you step into their country for less than 50.
ive had enough of your bullshit.
what about whoevers out there?
you have to get out before miraz learns youre here.
you should be sleeping.
preferably from highschool girls.
what do you say? sub?  hold your horses, banzai.
meaning, ironically, its probably the only one worth reading.
yeah, howd you know?
but you know what?
i told nell to make the final decisions without me.
go, go, go!
i have to remind myself that some birds arent meant to be caged.
im gonna change mine.
i saw it with my own eyes.
and looking at you it seems like you are pretty surprised.
stop that health inspector!
look up there!
coach said a scout from kansas state is coming to the game on saturday.
prem and problems are always together.
he didnt expect to be deploying again so soon.
faster if you took your clothes off.
youre insane, actually.
its in... that direction.
are you okay with that?  no.
not to mention rid it of the false deity who sought to enslave us.
keep your eyes on your mop, man!
what i mean is, do you think shed go behind your back?
what, do yall think youre heroes?
maybe because you are a mammoth?
who said we were fighting?
at times, its very hot here.
but, ive been wrong before!
i also have to point out, in the absence of any other information, the money, this house, goes to me.
no. they were already here.
hell make it.
ill do what i can to help you once weve reached the ranger station.
i can in a dilemma how to express my feelings.
i hope for your sake you pay attention.
youre talking to the right man. i can get things, right?
i promise you, it wont be long before you...
you think youre better than people.
well, im cutting you off anyways, all right?
yeah. not that anyone will ever hear it.
like i said, miss navarrin caught a cold and has to stay home.
you like comics?
nothing is going to happen!
and on the guitar, the one, the only, mr. bobby berman.
it doesnt take two people to carry...
but i do know, here today, that the black knights will emerge victorious once again.
this is tracy brennan..
why didnt i find you before?
i can leave once your third wish is fulfilled.
... whocouldhaveany man inthis room , wants to be married?
do you want love?
and you dont know anything about my parents,
tell me, how can you two unite?
without the proper documents...
ill do whatever you want!
if you claim to be don, ill hack you.
crazy people dont know theyre going crazy.
but im going.
they didnt exactly say what happened to the doctor, but your friends are fine, and the helicopters coming back inin the morning.
but friend, youve to pay wedding expenses.
keep that in mind.
magical transactions are my specialty!
he was narsings mole here, so i removed him.
what does it say on my jacket?
time the contractions, ok? one sugar plum fairy, two sugar plum fairy...
i know your mommy, shes going to take real good care of you.
rewind that a hair.
i would love to make a wish.
cant identify it.
we got nothing in common.
do i have to call you back?
yeah, well... the things got it in for me!
the whole trick is pressure.
okay, lets stop here and get off these fucking leg irons.
is any part of it yours?
i am certain he is working on a solution as we speak.
we have to find a way of getting out of these irons.
hold on to your seat, honey.
hes using a hedstrom file.
our inmates, properly supervised will be put to work outside these walls performing all manner of public service.
..i got your book, priya.
..this is that same comet that is seen once in a million years.
get back in position!
how dare you?
have they gone to america?
when they took him up in the spaceship, the aliens abused him, sexually.
do we expect these things?
i dont know like what.
and if you cant leave... neither can i.
because you cant get past your lana crush, dont knock us for making a love connection.
hes building an army.
turn it back.
i just think its necessary that...
growing up in charlestown in, you know, a smallknit community we took care of each other, were protected.
uh, i dont think thats a good idea, man.
no, whats going on with my kid?
any idea how long?
thats... not how it works, john.
aal izz well!
smell that garlic.
when everything is going well...
ill be right back.
you dont have to.
we shall never part... through smiles nor through tears
how much time have we spent together in three weeks?
its stupid to lie about your name.
agnan is the only one thatll never happen to.
how far behind are we?
cant you ever say something good?
you mustnt be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling.
seeing your daughter come of age.
you said wed be there in 30 minutes.
shes on the line.
more dangerous than you? dad, theyre serious.
i found him and i found the whole world.
it seems youre an expert in trapping girls in love.
something from our menu.
wheres your sense of humor, my friend?
armed and ready, sir!
dont torment me like this.
if i get on this plane and you dont honor our agreement when we land, i go to jail for the rest of my life.
were not supposed to be friends, you and me.
i dont want to fight with you,katherine.
i just came in on the sub with the swan team.
thank you for believing in me.
i wasnt lying.
i dont know, but he does.
they got bigger things to worry about now.
are you sure about this, mr. scofield?
papa, forgive me, forgive me.
oh god! really? oh no...
well, thats nice, but what about our lives?
then walk away.
youre blaming me?
youre wasting your time, sister.
giving them every little thing they want.
do you need immigration forms?
yes, he had called this morning.
dont talk to me like you know him!
where is your daughter now?
they were muddy.
i thought it was your lifes ambition to crush my father.
seeds of the sacred tree.
question is, who was it you was plannin on damaging?
not from here, go from there!
thats a good sign.
dr. hamilton was lying. i found the nicodemus flower in the barn.
couldnt you have stopped it?
color accuracy is difficult to determine with closedcircuit cameras.
its in the past, clark.
ok, man. sorry. no problem.
listen, im going to have a smoke.
i have a training bra but i dont like to wear it, it itches.
so you must be ryan.
he is hurling himself onto me
you cant see, right?
its not your fault.
well, wed need you there to tailor compounds specific to our needs.
and that petty sentiment explains why you rejected your sons?
well, then, youre just gonna have to, little man.
the island will tell us what to do.
it hasnt been built yet.
we are the good guys.
you withdraw it from the atm.
read condition number 10 that you mustnt say i love you to me and sign.
end of the road, baby.
the entire world watched him incinerate.
whoohoo! little fella?
hell be back.
if i do it, if i make that call, do you promise youll tell whos outside my dads house to go away?
hey, all right! look at us!
im scared too.
night after night, i watched them.
remove your leg.
we have just learned that railroad employee, frank barnes a 28 year veteran of the freight company responsible for the runaway, and will colson, a conductor, are now onboard another locomotive.
she wont be able to hurt anyone else.
instead of raising her, you shouldve raised a dog.
i can think of one way to get em, but it might be a little messy.
we need help in here!
i know, uncle.
come on, charlie. come on!
rash? what are you talking about?
i thought high school would be different, that i could finally start putting it behind me.
you look worried.
how about 200?
you dont know how to...
i couldnt even begin to imagine...
whats going on? why do you have that?
wait for the brave folks on the raft to bring help.
hey, are you okay?
just think about what you need to do.
stop him, please! hes gonna kill him!
hey, man, find you something else to worry about, g.
this is the kents, leave a message.
hey, i looked up max kasich.
are you strong enough to stand
oh, no  thats okay...
lets go, monkeys. watch your work, not your ass.
now, what i want to know... .
storms are a way of life around here, lex.
why dont you tell me what you do?
moving in on you from every direction.
what is it?
im not sick.  thank god.
no mistake, john. i did my 20.
hell agree immediately.
you lied!  hey!
like its a party or something.
..life is like a restaurant..
whats taking those kids so long?
you castay right... here.
you need to wake up parker.
im a role model to them!
its just trying to keep things frozen.
well, im open to suggestions.
i wish i could take all of them from here.
your friend, the physicist
i got your back.
how will you do...
charles jesus christ, john.
sir. i need you to move your foot.
what happened to him at that plane was a part of a chain of events that led us here, that led us down a path, that led you and me to this day, to right now.
i need a researcher, not some jarhead drop out.
its a security thing.
but not the biggest army.
hes a good guy.
its a really nice gesture, but i really need to just...
i see reynolds is back to work.
exactly at 12.
never been saner.
even he is happy for you.
its not your problem to fix.
play me a tune.
stop it now...
no, no. no, its not that simple.
if you prove youre willing to cooperate,
if youre going, this is it.
i punched a werewolf in the face. badass.
sage, im an unfortunate mother.
okay, see you later.
we dont have the manpower or the resources to launch that kind of a campaign!
here she is, cinderella back from the ball.
give him hell, rango!
we can surely catch them.
there are, however, these two distinct marks on her lower back.
the more we ignore him, the more his ego gets hurt.
show me id.
what more do you want?
you think im hiding something from you?
please! dont be foolish.
yes, the spirit of the west!
guru is trying for six pack body.
it really could be a wonderful change for you, marion.
yeah, this bensley.
had a few extra aces in this deck, gents. just the way i like it.
jesse, you aint gotta be down with me on this one.
oh, god. tom!
take her now...
i suppose well have to go to it.
he had a photographic memory.
i can swim fine, dad, ok?
ill explain everything later.
yeah, last time i checked. why?
ya ya..i turned it off
okay, here we go.
why wouldnt i wake up?
i build anymore, its all gonna come down like a house of cards.
yeah, dad, im fine.
please step away from the car, or i will be forced to take defensive measures.
well, if you dont want me to go crazy, next time let me go out.
parcher look at me, john.
where are you taking me?
sir, with respect, my rangers can provide rear security.
she knows too much.
how long were you with macray?
however, that is one mistake i am thankful to say that i dont have to live with.
wait, please! thank you for not closing it.
ive seen one before. many, many years ago.
come on, lets go up those stairs.
we engaged you for that purpose only.
and.. this is my son.
..just like, sometimes, some stories can come true.
cheers.  cheers.  cheers.
that stuff from the luggage...
can i help you?
he couldnt have said that
could be two years, could be ten.
you might not believe, you might not know..
but youre herds leaving!
repair maintenance, kids pestering you to take them for a ride all the time.
better than that.
do you know it?
id love to have a little talk with you, linguini, in my office.
always in your debt the maniac in the porsche.
just seems like all i ever do is complicate my parents lives.
and i heeded it.
oh, grace, for gods sake. weve got work to do.
we will throw water on her...
the queens party must have started.
curse you, tiny toilet!
what are you doing here? are you still going back to the island?
im going fishing, lex, i dont know what my son is doing.
you kept all this stuff?
the british arent our kin.
thats not him.
hello. dr katz, please.
lf we make it till then.
..then hell have to pay 50 amount.
could i get you anything to drink?
woow...you guys look great.
you love rancho even today.. n eating these dhoklas remembering him!
we never got off that island. hurley hurley...
were stabilizing him.
well, you were busy.
l suck. you suck.  no, i think you suck.
keep the account, ill pay after reaching bombay.
watch out! how many marks ill put on your face!
i guess i got scared and did something stupid.
nno, linda, i mean, its not like that.
i signed this.
were putting you in suite 4080.
then you best move, then.
i was thinking we could stop by before school.
i said it for fun only.
what the hell are you talking about?
you couldnt get in anyway in those clothes.
i dont understand why people say one thing and think another.
i think i found something.
..how many of you smoke cigarettes.
we fought backtoback.
its too bad. i well, i have my mind set on smallville.
havent even started it yet...
no, you didnt. you didnt even look.
its not paint.
your father doesnt want us spending time together.
i told her it wasnt such a good idea.
ghajini is coming... that way!
thanks only to you...
they really say all that?
theres got to be a front door here.
you are not going to die dammit!
get your hand off me.
this belonged to her childhood sweetheart, who she got killed a couple of years ago when she was on the run.
probably be best if we just keep our hands at our sides, gentlemen.
everyone was in danger, and i was the only one that could save them.
fine, hurry up.
youre smart, cisco.
what should we do with stuff we got?
... andnowyouretrying to make me jealous.
you do this one thing for me, and ill never trouble you again.
we can only hope that identification will provide closure to the families of the victims.
when i first got locked up in here, he showed up, claiming that he worked for oceanic air.
wren did your sister send you here?
everybody needs to know whats going on. theres a boat...
thats why i told you the truth.
your networks previous high was a seven.
im gonna have a smoke.
engine revs tires screech, alicia screams she never gets old.
ill build the distress beacon. i suggest you find another power source.
i am supposed to do something different now.
frozen. never moving forward.
you are suspecting me?
yeah, i need you here to transport the science team, frank.
see the switch stand up ahead of us?
my cars out back.
pull it tighter, or itll sag.
i had to see you were safe.
hey, look, turtles!
i got the moves.
that must be jesus.
you may recall that four months ago,
he said i cannot have children.
where are you going?
you remember me now?
not having much luck?
biometrics are good.
that looks... appetizing.
this is a map to the temple. its a sanctuary.
so this is payback for turning down my fathers offer to join him in metropolis.
im not a mammoth for five minutes..
im coming after you.
dont act so surprised. i heard you tell the hero the same thing.
where are you juice boxes?
he did something to me.
i just wish things could get back to the way they were before.
make my fantasy a reality..
how do you know it?
everyone was still in the museum.
you wont be here for the raft launching.
my mother helped me pick out the perfect ensemble.
..on the seventh of this month.
and the time you told me you were worth 150 million?
but william must be controlled
im the original man of steel.
i think youve lost mind in the shock.
beta mama has to go now ok?
helenas gonna be up soon.
thats what i said!
we both know that jack will have issues with what must be done to get it.
we got a coaster. a coaster? really?
thats because im not leaving.
im trying to help.
its built on lies and deceit.
i have a purpose now.
everything you do or learn will be imprinted on this disk.
can you pull back the tree...
yeah, hes a good catch.
we work in a dangerous place.
but anyway... youre a lucky girl.
id rather stay at home today.
apparently, they didnt win.
this is its only function.
stay down sir!
in effect, they become a new superpower.
thank god you came...
i didnt ask for this!
they want us to think theyre hillbillies.
you dont hear the word no so often, do you?
brother and sisterinlaw raised me took care of me and gave me so much love.
if you are not back before the kick, i am gone with or without you.
i searched the entire house, but the book isnt there.
might be able to get a few to go with me before nightfall start setting up camp.
are you sure its just a sleepover?
do you think im gonna put joe flipperhead on this?
oh, my god, if your mother found out...
we dont have the same last name.
i need any prescription medications you find, especially drugs that end in mycin and cillin. those are antibiotics.
after a couple of weeks, youll forget all about me.
your friend here is trying to extort me.
as you can see, everythings in order.
do you think its okay if friends have secrets?
the recital? dont... thats stupid!
come on. i was meant to see this movie.
just tell my sister that i love her.
now hes slowing down.  honking
that was really one hell of a scare you gave us, kiddo.
the faster we get to the embassy, the faster we get home.
thats called taking initiative son.
why cant he do it?
aah! heh heh heh!
something tells me you wouldnt have been alone for very long.
something happened and ..
how bad did your mom bust you over wrecking seans car?
..you should have lodged a complaint with the police.
jacob, i know you have something to say to me.
you can pick it all up!
well, she doesnt have a sister.
now lets get the hell out of here!
sword plate activated.  damn!
yeah, its bad.
lll come back for that later.
so what now?
why is that?
he cried a lot after leaving you in your grandmas home.
you owe him.
and anyway, the big day isnt today. lts tomorrow..
youre a pretty smart boy, but you forget ive been doing this a long time.
it belongs to a 50yearold africanamerican woman.
thats why i want to handle it my way, with my guys.
this situation that were in, the crash, that no ones coming, this place, it can kind of mess with your head a little and make you see things that arent actually there.
we got a warrant.
sir, what are you doing?
all the ash.
any way we can hurry that up?
has anyone seen the dog?
why would you want to help me?
and thats why we must go there.
i just cant afford any more delays... and youre one of those fish that cause delays.
well, are the rest coming back?
thats a jellyfish!
and if i am right, then our child will win.
ladies and gentleman, the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelts sign.
this is the only set i found.
its what she does.
your friends are coming home with us.
in the meantime, watch your back.
a simple trick.
clark, this really doesnt concern you.
i will miss you more than you know.
do you have time for a drink?
everybodys way tense.
we can still be together, right here in the world we built together.
you find out whos trying to bury him.
now, whod like to repeat the last few lines of iambic pentameter just to show they were paying attention?
seems there was an error in his paperwork.
wake up, wake up!
oh, man, he showed me things that no one had ever imagined.
whats this mean? no identification possible.
he told me that i had to stay here and lead his people.
at most, im old enough to be your elder brother.
i asked a waiter to give my compliments to the chef.
general weve been intercepting radio transmissions from moscow.
you sure you dont wanna come to the movie?
dont you dismiss me like that!
youre back in the hatch.
if you want to make decisions you need to be prepared to live with your mistakes.
what do they want?
the fire nation doesnt wish to live by the spirits.
building a fire or hunting boars?
what else you want me to do?
whats that got to do with anything?
..but also changed the lives of many people.
kent, its yours.
you feeling guilty about that?
cassandra was wrong, clark.
you think this is a democracy?
immy, can i ask something?
little red riding hood following the big bad wolf back to his stash o guns?
so now were trapped in fischers mind, battling his own private army.
im fine. im with him.
so will the smoke.
dont do this.
then its false.
i kept my end.
close the fucking bridge.
he possessed a power stronger than the power of money, or terror, or death.
you chose me for something.
good news for you is you have an alibi for the cambridge job.
time served,plus 10 years probation and agreement that she does not leave the state. what does that matter?
how long till we get there?
what can i do?
it was his bottle.
jenny used you and betrayed you.
he had to be stopped, so once viktors army was turned the legions of vampires under his control tracked down and destroyed the animals
great. look who came to chat.
but the medical examiners havent been able to identify the remains with any certainty, so veronica could be ok, we just cant find her.
inventory all of it, and figure out how we make it last.
you arrange everything.
once i realized these equations were coordinates, latitude and longitude, i assumed she was trying to determine the location of the island.
i dont suppose, next time you see her, you could have her turn her phone back on?
id rather get beaten up than eat this.
you said that you...
what do you want for the inhalers?
he is not gonna kiss us good night, agnes.
you killed them.
he said i wasnt supposed to let those two out of my sight. ill watch them.
listen, the reason that i came here tonight was... .
this entire chain of events its gonna start happening this afternoon.
bring him on into three.
jacob, you idiot, i had it!
so what am i now, a spy?
hey, calm down!
dory and i need to get to sydney.
it will work inside the sub.
waiting to strike!
so what do we do now?
i came to learn.
i think their stuffs still on the beach, back where their tent is.
they were living in the city the past couple years.
martin, youre provoking him.
you wanna know something else?
got to be careful l dont fall in love
shall we say swords?
the white rabbit.
and youre, what, taking care of him?
will you pull over?
slithering like a snake to strike me
why would i lie?
whos your son?
were right over here!
im gonna go to bed.
ill fire the flare, you set off the antenna.
i dont know where yet exactly, but they came. it worked.
i found them.
i was afraid that would be your attitude.
be dangerous, you know, showing our faces again.
its a symbol of our honor.
an autopsy report is gonna take a couple of days
bring him...bring him.
what are you talking about?
answer me, you hear me?
but that is a fairytale, isnt it?
please forgive him sir...
when did it happen?
your farms drowning in debt, we both know it.
hes asking something, manage him.
you dont know anything about me. i know a lot about you.
but dont drop anything otherwise beera will know where we are
you couldve come and seen her, right?
why the hell would he think that? because she talked to him, tried to make him feel better.
no, youll lead her to the colony!
sucre, i need you to finish what we started.
no no uncle no i was tellin how great pictures he has taken why you makin him an engineer you couldve made him a wild life photographer im folding my hands n requesting u please dont spoil my sons future
ill be there in a half an hour.
who taught you how to drive?
you will each have an opportunity to use the restroom.
are you scared of dying?
yeah, i heard you.
you tell him hes gonna have to die.
take a second, think about our children.
were talking half a billion of dollars, mr. sisler.
id be impressed if you didnt spill in the first place.
youve got to make up with him ... got to get him to the party.
they tell me theres no way the impact could have ripped open the roof like this.
while you think about that think about this
ive a show tomorrow night ive to rehearse.
my sensors have picked up sarah.
that youre a survivor of 815.
i think weve waited for aslan long enough.
thats what im talking about.
youre my rock.
they killed karl and my mother.
you wont get anywhere near us!
good behavior, youre out of here in three years.
72... 76, 78...
nothing happened at all.
killed, just like mangesh.
you dont know anything.
no, i mean youre narnians.
well, youre not gonna know.
youre in the wardens office after hours.
as of yet, i dont actually have a boat.
i got it off one of the bodies.
i wanna tell you something.
its michaels call.
lying is not a crime.
we have no branches.
this time im making the call.
and neither did you.
hey, slow it down.
has he been shot?
so, how will they know were here?
what happened to the last ones i gave you?
what is that?
but my nanny taught me to walk, not my dad.
not any more, you dont.
shut that kid up!
youre just the part of me thats scared.
getting the full story takes money and access, and unlike some i always hold up my end of the deal.
for confession to mean something, you must have a penitent heart.
it is what it is, charlie.
why dont you guess?
that... i fell down.
whered they go?
on that pretty face, she doesnt hear about any of this.
im not a pest.
are there many women in rouge city?
a robotchild who will genuinely love the parent it imprints on with a love that never ends.
magic. havent you heard of crazy kyle who lives in the woods by himself?
take babas address.
you stole narnia!
where you gonna run to now?
you can literally talk to my subconscious.
because even before you put faraday on your little boat and sent him off to the island, you spent ten years funding his research.
any of you heard of p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney?
why did you do that?
i cant do this right now.
hurley nah, he hates it.
alison was always in the middle
then there is still a chance.
no, no. its not too late!
the place i come from, we kill a man before breakfast just to work up an appetite.
thats traditionally what you put in a body bag.
you still havent told u why you need to find her.
hey, chloes having a great time.
hes not in the office.
that i can guarantee you.
dont ever forgive me.
come on, give me the ball.
there really is no going back michael
yeah, but i did walk out there.
the thunder is getting louder.
ive already lied umpteen times.
your brother represented a significant investment.
this is a big problem, sheshadri.
friday the 13th is a bad omen.
im gonna go shopping tomorrow with jessica.
im not so good around blood, man.
well, im not laughing.
frank hasnt done an interview in 20 years.
you have got too much potential to be screwing up your life like this.
youre my parents.
for what? he didnt know the answer to the question.
want a private tour?
landed on dental tools.
i may not be an art critic, but i certainly know something terrifical when i see it.
i know your rep, know what youve done.
jack has anyone seen ethan?
the beanerys tried to put us out of business since we opened.
and she got married to that stammering waiter.
after all hes seen?
its just coming. its coming!
when she comes back, youre gonna have her building mazes.
hey, im back!
my father doesnt care about you.
all points south.
before dying, ammi made me promise..
cant you, like, call him off?
that numbers been disconnected for 20 years.
we came for ghajini!
l dont know where it is.
will you read us a bedtime story?
glad youre back, man.
get busy living or get busy dying.
cigarette? no, thanks.
secrets, which cant be seen.
a dream within a dream?
i dont want to hurt anyone.
if i let go of this support right now, the whole things coming down.
you cant hide love in disdain....
i know. let me call you back. this isnt a good time.
no, not so fast there, okay?
i havent forgotten.
mother, hold on the line.
cause putting any attention on yourself is the last thing i need right now.
wwhat are you doing?
im sure youll do a much better job of separating the two than i ever did.
sorry. am i interrupting?
you got kids?
then, all of a sudden, it gets done.
tapped into the power lines.
clark, i know youre upset, son, but its normal.
like the man said, hes an idealist.
system motor control is good.
who would like to put this up?
please leave him alone... dont disturb him.
she teaches aerobics at hyde park?
a recon gire in an avatar body.
i follow the bearing, and me and my son get rescued?
it wouldve run over me, and i would be dead.
a million dollars. its gonna be mine.
i found it in bathroom.
ill do it alone.
its okay, mrs. kent.
all right, i want to get this going right away.
thought you said your cousin was moving in on your girl.
you the poor kid that never got to go to exeter or andover?
sorry, man, you know i cant let you in.
what, no secret stash for emergencies?
and hed come after you.
but he took the trouble to tell me one last thing.
did you smell it, dad?
hes really tiny, isnt he?
how old are you?
dont be sorry, just be faster.
now, if that were her mate, see, then i could help you.
who, haywire or bellick?
i have eyes, so just find someone whos available.
i want you to be happy.
i dont know, hanna.
what the hell are you doing?
i think we should split em up.
i wont interfere with the kids...
can we go now?
im sorry, were you not in that room?
how did you get in?
yes, she requested me to drop her there, im going with her.
floyd sweet mother of jesus!
..i too feel like saying i love you.
whos next...whos next?
nobody will say..y have u worn a 18th century watch n all tat!
how do you know this?
shes meeting us in los angeles.
punished for what?
only veer can perform for india.
whoever has those numbers has won or will share in a near record jackpot.
i got four.
i got to sell it... for my mothers medical treatment.
whom do you want?
i separated you to save my family.
im gonna give you three seconds.
hey. how old do you think she is?
please, i love you!
i cant do this anymore.
and zulekha can be your wife.
i just wanna say im sorry.
theres another trail here.
only thing i can find is a medical condition where theres damage to the thermosensitive cells in the brain.
keefe changed plans, here we are.  excuse me.
its like she doesnt exist.
she is alright now!
why did you take your dress off?
i will buy you a flea collar.
i dont know. ali made me promise, and...
just name is touch, mustnt touch anyone here.
look, this is only gonna take me a minute.
now you wanna take it apart?
will you marry me?
and its orange and small and white stripes...
before somebody else does.
do you understand how worried ive been?
im goanna recycle the light.
i dont want to go!
how can a don love? ill not do it.
who builds a cabin in the middle of the jungle anyway?
oh, yeah, whos that?
sorry, i am not cooking!
of course it was nicks fault.
dont worry about a thing.
yes, sir. 2005.
the boy had white hair.
shes over there with andrew.
dont sweat it.
when i stopped calling you, did i give you a reason why?
shes a friend of mine too.
what did you see? he was in that tree, spying on us!
sure, she wants to talk to you, asshole! yeah.
what can i do?
then i guess im on my own.
thats who we need.
nenat is the best singer.
well, mock all you want, lex.
oh, youre... wow.
okay, well, ill let you know. bye.
ladies and gentlemen, beth macintyre.
if we tell them what we know we take away their hope.
youre also joining us in the swiss trip.
i took disco lessons in the sixth grade.
it wont happen again.
he was just trying to help.
whyd you do that?
where the hell am i gonna land this thing?
i want you to feel secure.
not about that, margaret.
just wanted to fuck my wife.
okay, i will if you marry me.
you look disappointed.
yellow, yellow, dirty fellow. yellow, yellow, dirty fellow. okay.
then, i saw the bloody pants in the tub.
just me and you.
i am not letting you do this.
nothing much except planning for dads surprise party.
its you or him.
need anything from the mall?
and, uh, he gave me his wedding ring to prove it.
same foolish faces.
this is one of my favorite places in the world.
theres no time for insults.
eudes is the only one who isnt afraid.
im gonna hit you with something.
its a tight space.
things went on like that for a while.
im hiking to one of the beaches to start a signal fire, but if youre reading this, i guess i didnt make it.
why, so suddenly?
he is my cousin.
they cant smell us if were inside.
he never talks about himself  nathan.
thank you very mu...
look at them, so desperate to live, theyll follow it anywhere.
its very difficult to catch them.
i dont think you realize what kind of trouble you were in last night.
this is my decision, and its been made.
michael, where is the knight 2000?
i have horrible service, frank.
go in creatures..... go dont piss over here... u want a beating, hanh?
get aaron back.
not that side, lets go this side.
like you said, theyre idiots.
sir, if we give her another dose... it could kill her.
you forgot your guitar.
have them go to that address.
coordinate a worldwide counterstrike with a window of only a few minutes?
she left the house.
giant balls of fury larva... the size of mammoths... raining from the sky!
things happen in war,sarah.
put me through to keefes room!
you got that right.
hi buddy, how did you like my presentation?
joe has how much more money than mike?
he put four bullets into you.
is the priest still there?
if they catch u, then uniform change, school change!
i have a few plans for us, ha, ha.  uh, ohoh.
dont worry, it was fine.
whats going on with you?
oh, no, you dont. no. youre not chaining that murderer next to me.
hey, you brought me.
look vishal, when you get time from all this..
is he why you came back?
hey, we make a pretty good team.
you are my good son, arent you?
you break my glass.
thats where we come in.
today is my birthday. i just called to invite to the party.
what do i tell them to do?
razors by the sink, jack.
why is it that this man looks... familiar to me?
how much did they take?
i wanted blue, but you convinced me to use... yellow, because it was more cheerful.
no. not really.
we can change things, sayid.
your alibi for the battle is all arranged.
the person next to me wont shut up.
what do you mean?
you got a problem with that?
i dont want him.
did you hear my line?
how do you know?  trust me, its what i do.
weve just learned that 26 year rail company veteran judd stewart is at the controls of the engine that is in front of the runaway train.
you tell him im coming from chennai.
..then ill forget him forever.
its pretty damn good wine. i tested it.
keep firing... faster!
thats what i thought you said.
im not with them, leticia.
he has a broken handcuff on his wrist.
i have to get this ham out of the oven, or itll dry out. please. dont mind me.
im sorry i missed it. her funeral.
how did he get the metropolis sharks to do it?
dont worry. i wont tell anyone about the body.
i hear they got to the old guy.
fighting newborns requires knowledge that jasper has.
his leg the infection is getting worse.
im going to the wall tonight. see if i can access the roof.
well, my niece knows that, john, and shes about this high.
that is a waste, man. one for the road?
you have a choice. i didnt.
taking down the cathedral of boston.
open your eyes. open now. now, now.
land us, now.
tell the kids?
wouldnt take more than one scratch to cause total paralysis.
we cant find papa.
i was wondering...
you know i do.
i know you covered it up.
youre smart, youve traveled,
food is fuel.
next week, im in goa for an ad shoot.
command and control is down.
is that what gave me away?
ive never seen an ogre cry.
metropolis police usually dont send detectives to investigate traffic accidents.
hell, how about you hold on to it for a night.
but i could hardly...
you all right there, frank?
she believes everything strange in smallville started with the meteor shower.
but youve made a big mistake.  what is it?
got to be careful i dont fall in love
oh, just kind of taking it one day at a time.
my family, man.
fine. he comes with us too.
the doctors think its because of the fever.
thats what we tell ourselves. but what if he didnt?
the worlds still here, aint it?
i am not a stalker.i just...
is that your name?
dont worry yourself so.
hes very interested in your story.
no fuel sales, no patents, no findings, nothing.
and there was someone else other than you in the bathroom.
sam got angry.
yeah, i will.
thats my duty. that is how i will honor her.
just one more thing.
id better go.
daniel do you know whats happening to me?
his mother made it clear you couldnt be in his life if you werent going to be in hers.
and you sleep with another woman!
i can see you remember that one.
i didnt expect this.
for the favor, i can offer you three days of work a week in here.
that islands mine, benjamin.
way back there. you see it?  uhhuh.
its impossible to know everything about a city.
no, i dont want to go.
you didnt mention yesterday this case has already been investigated.
and he can.
you dont mind, do you?
no, no, no, well all go.
the day i fell off the swing.
when the quicksilver is here, the heat is precisely correct, and the oil will gradually rise.
lex, did you know the caesars would send their sons to the furthermost corners of the empire so they could get an appreciation of how the world works?
we use that to clean the toilets.
im not the last one!
that almost makes sense.
weve stopped doing outpatient procedures at this time.
we were... we were in the plane crash!
who is duggals man?
my condition is not an issue. ive lived with it for four years.
stop the vehicle.
god bless the american legal system.
whered they go?
dont youve any shame? youre losing always, idiot.
theyre getting stronger.
dont do that.
its an old storage room.
with his mastery of the four elements, he will begin to change hearts.
some one called don seenu thrashed your son, my men are after him.
hows the diet coming, hugo?
i want to see it.
for most of my friends, it was out of sight, out of mind.
howd you come up with this?
i mean, im not ambitious.
im going to marry jenny.
what youre saying, its... impossible.
hey, y were never going to be on that plane,brother.
you have the right to remain silent.
my life was perfect and im never going to get it back!
you still have that compass i gave you?
let me guess.
i really do.
i love you so much. no!
she had herself declared sane by three different psychiatrists.
macarthur psychiatric hospital.
tell everyone what you told me!
alright, lets pull the trigger.
banta, be silent.
ok, so is this personal now?
mr. mishra would be here and you know im never late.
its empty. he screwed us!
... i tracked it down to see if it could help.
friends, first i would like to know..
come on, move over!
maybe maybe she was right.
at the governors house you said that.
i need backup at county hospital now.
i mean, its kind of boring, isnt it?
so, whats your handle back in the states?
listen... whats your name?
you arent the only one whos trapped.
you hit me again, ill kill you.
sawyers gonna be fine.
she looks like her, but it isnt her.
im puerto rican, asshole.
all im saying, dominic, is try and remember who i was raised by.
okay, here we go.
chalk two deployed.
you ever see one of them safari shows, where a bunch of cheetahs just jump all up on an antelope?
claire, i dont think you have amnesia.
kappor sir din get ac fixed in my room!
sometimes we just have to step back, see if the solutions to our problem lies outside the box.
maybe one month.. one year or maybe more than that.
they told me i need to talk to you.
you have sources.
patch me in to comtron truck dispatch.
and the marks are from some kind of tests being done on them.
heres your pugnac.
but when i went back to the plant, they told me that level 3 didnt exist.
hey, thought you were working.
is there something bothering you,daniel?
dont tell me what i cant do.
hell be the next clan leader.
lts the least i could do.
you took him from our village.
i dont know what happened to me.
ohh... you know, im really surprised that she brought that with us.
whats ben gonna do?
now lockes your friend, huh?
bernard and i will gather the fish.
i want the disk first.  the money, lex.
follow the recipe.
i was in a lift and...
your little stunt yesterday almost cost a fellow student his life.
you told me you went to hollis.
what am i going to do now?
he found us.
theres a bit of magic in every jar.
hookes law of elasticity?
dreams in such bloom that everything else seems dull.
you hear that frog?
what, isnt this what im supposed to look like?
whats wrong, gentleman, you looked tensed.
apparently, i need this.
just make sure its hot.
i assume i dont have to count it?
please move sir, i need to go to my native place.
or, is this thirst to go unquenched?
are you hurt?
an elaborate... expensive fake.
we didnt know where you were.
bella is alive after all.
always awaiting him.
doesnt make us together.
well, shoot back!
come on, its gonna take a while for her system to reboot.
id no sooner harm you than myself
ive got the baby and im... im so tired.
you heard michael.
what river did the boat sail on?
richard? were back.
burrows, i wouldve thought that by now, under the circumstances, youd understand your position as a death row inmate.
i wouldnt do that to nell.
nobody will leave.
hey, little guy.
if people like you, theyll vote for you.
did you get my message?
no, thats not it.
and then, jasmine asked me out herself.
it wasnt an accident.
were not cleared for this.
youre calling what happened today entertainment?
so whats all that mean?
because either you were in some kind of disagreement, which makes me wanna help you, or youre a spy trying to infiltrate us.
what if he needs something, okay?
because i feel that this product aims towards that age group..
you havent changed a bit.
cns is running a story that were covering up a nucleartesting experiment.
yeah, well be sure and do that.
amelia, we found william
mother earth has provided all this just as she brought you and andrew together to be joined.
if i get hold of you, i will pin you down today.
dont be a baby, tbag.
lll take a taxi.
and he told them that youre gonna escort them out!
your brother killed my partner.
i cant live in fear anymore, waiting for them to attack.
ive got to report to el toro.
doesnt that make you just a wee bit suspicious?
i shouldnt have left her.
why are you doing this?
you made a buddy.
if you go out there, they will gun you down.
you feel youve been rehabilitated?
brother has found out who you really are.
they say im charming?
if you need me to leave, i can show your secretary how to hold it.
that fence may keep other things out.
got some new rules!
you may get the plant, but youre putting your employees homes on the line.
forgive me... forgive me.
definitely not the one from the fairy tale.
hold that dynamic at a four.
i dont know.
mwah!  ill let you two catch up.
theres something you should know.
were the monsters of our own world.
get my stuff down to the laundry.
should my lawyer be present?
i speak from experience.
the veneration platter hasnt arrived.
when you look through this..
there is no leak in this apartment.
i dont... youyou need somebody who knows what theyre doing.
who would have thought?
yeah, tomorrow is the day the vulture said were all gonna die!
just answer no comment. that way she cant misquote you.
the girls asthma medicine.
ill keep a watch on you.
where would be the fun in that?
who came in these?
what i mean is youre not a very good thief.
you know, were building a church.
thank you for the cigarette...
because ill sacrifice anything to protect this island.
your dinner selection?
my name is martin keamy. im an employee of charles widmore.
i dont intend to.
i believe the term is, cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war.
can i go, sarge?
he means someone smaller.
take five, everybody.
lve to find from here.
on a personal note, sir, id just like to add that, uh... ever since i was kidnapped by aliens 10 years ago,
i bet the mom is beautiful!
do you know where he keeps them?
miss tates office.
fellas, come back here.
its just an expression, genius. they dont take it anywhere.
hes had infections, pneumonia, you name it. and every time, he knocked them out.
you have been anointed by the moon spirit.
not unless hes real interested in what you got going on.
get out of my face, man!
sure you are.
did he give you that math midterm?
i never even knew her last name.
give six of each.
she didnt say anything.
yo, dez, get the plunger!
and dont forget the pyjamas!
now, you get me to that station and a phone, you hear?
pedestrians are taking up roads, are we meant to fly?
but this radio has a wider bandwidth.
why hold on to something that makes you feel sad?
guess were gonna have to shoot em.
you stay under water... three minutes.
you have started this new game...
but in about six hours,the same thing is gonna happen at the site for the swan station, only the energy there is about 30,000 times more powerful,sir.
i cant do this alone.
i was waitin for you, hugo.
what kind of a father are you?
and thats how i came here.
or maybe im more me than ever.
the only motherfucker that got terry killed was you. fucking relax!
save your french for someone who appreciates it.
and i believed.
human form into digital space.
but he said never to tell anyone about any of it.
i am sorry, i thought it was somebody else.
the rescue party, it has to be. french.
watch out! youre walking away. the earth is rotating,
what next kick?
im trying to sleep, boss.
and then what?
but what he didnt tell you is...
where are you taking me?
we should move.
load up on humvees...
i know you will.
im trying to come up with a compromise.
not lincoln they paid his marker.
i have to go away...
you told him?
roaring walt dad! help!
theres no other difference.
i made it out of rendered animal fat.
..or else ill give it to the junkseller.
how do you explain that?
whoa. you look fancy, susan.
its going on the raft.
maybe she doesnt know.
but were gonna get through this together.
its just a brief chapter in your biography.
you can just leave those by the door, lcasz.
why dont we find out?
i think thats your destiny, clark.
i like to stay busy.
not practical because the cars kaput... but youre on the right track.
robert should accompany the body no later than tuesday.
you mean the bigass horse standing in the middle of the jungle?
come, come, come, come.
you can only endorse one candidate, so whos it gonna be?
youre so beautiful.
dan?  yeah. the chopper com went dead.
whats the matter with you people?
is there, master?
thats a good idea.
inspiration has many names.
hold on, wait... hold, wait.
you thirsty, dog?
aare, our farhan will marry ur sister..farhan!
i dont know how to bend the other elements.
we know weve lost the belgian contingent in the sinai.
but hes fit now.
wait. what? and not just you but everybody who left.
they used to swim the colorado river
dude, i think you stuck it. lucky, lucky.
youve been in this room for two years.
you cheated srinivas reddy, this is new agreement. sign it.
okay sir, you know the drill.
you cant go anywhere, come.
we gotta go!
okay, locke, now!
so dont tell me that that wasnt real.
you cannot use your cell phone.
right seven, left 33, right 18.
missing for only seven hours in july.
shut the fuck up, bitch, and dont even think about giving me an attitude.
were gonna move him to room 4080.
no, i did, and i realized...
good luck, though.
ive got some bad news.
but he did leave a movie.
look down. look down.
what happened to him then?
i came here to talk to you about victoria.
hes a kid from the 19th century with amnesia.
john, you have no idea how important you are.
no, you set out to quarter it.
hes never going to speak to me again.
hey! if you ever master hygiene..
ive left my new torch in narnia.
she out of the hospital yet?
their plan is to incur maximum civilian casualties.
did you know that this would happen?
why the hell would he do that?
man, that was a freak storm.
you will know it.
what am i to do with a guy like you?
that turned out all right.
find out if i would screw everything up if i actually won?
i havent been here, sarah.
i knew youd bring the money. i knew you would.
youre kidding me, right?
well sue those guys.
they were quite a scandal, you know.
i need him to decide to break up his fathers empire.
the one who vanquished the tyranny of the user those many cycles before!
petes convinced that the drawing was fixed.
whats this new get up?
i can see her.
l dont know how.
yeah, that would be perfect because, of course, rifle fire right next to what would you call this?
you think i am playing?
thats steve. scotts dead.
..because he rubbed you?
sol to wheeler!
you ship out tomorrow.
i found your wife.
will your enmity end with my death?
no, but i could bring something.
she keeps coming back.
not only he has less sugar, less money too.
yeah, well, think already!
the son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men and be crucified and the third day, rise again.
i spared her for you.
oh my god hey hey what have you done?
we dont need him no more.
i can work.
but no one serious.
lets get something clear.
you should pray depending upon the place and the people around.
ask dr. augustine, im no scientist.
its the quiet game.
opened the door that allowed them to get out.
it takes more than one of our kind to cause the damage theyre reporting.
so, mr. turtle...
now he has to walk to school.
if you antigoonda squad take over all cases, what can we local police do then?
from what im hearing, she may have abetted the escapees
its only because i left the island that i was finally able to marry the woman i loved.
put the spreader right here, along the ridge.
it isnt polite to sneak around uninvited.
i know i did.
we found another body few days ago...
god only knows what that fertilizer plants been pumping out over the last 12 years.
were not birds. were rats.
there is so much more i meant to tell you.
he missed his interview because of you.
yeah. give it to him.
or is it mr. luthor here in smallville?
we were coming back from the black rock.
and then she just disappeared.
were so weird.
keep him steady.
i want a name.
ill tell you in the car. come on!
okay, guys, you can go.
when was the last time you ate?
lets go to the crash site.
which means that its retracted up into the pelvis.
im just trying to...
its my turn!
and thanks to the efforts of my good friend dr nefario...
that guys phone is ringing.  pick it.
acting like a loon, i might add.
how am i to find it?
and is it worth the wait
theres somebody here to see you.
you should listen to her.
its too much.
ive never been crazy about him.
ok, ok. were...
i say stop, you stop.
isnt that too familiar?
tyler randall, male caucasian.
they can love someone a lot and yet find it tough to live with them...
what is your secret?
ive only so many at my disposal.
he got away with  100,000.
do you mind if i sit?
you want to take nicholas baby and hide it in the jungle and feed it cat food.
uh, excuse me, mr president...
no child of his was gonna use his hands for a living.
well, we were, you know, 6 years old. twice our size was three feet tall.
sometimes letting go is the only way to move forward.
brushing her teeth.
youre willing to bet your life on that theory?
how long you gonna be?
tell anyone of your men to hurt someone in public, and go to jail in that case, tell him to finish him in jail and walk out.
so how about i take you out to dinner?
jack. john. over here.
light is fading.
i shouldve asked for a puppy.
his ambitions of those of a collector.
you were so focused to get off the island you werent seeing things clearly, like whats happening with the raft.
yeah, well, letting the state know that youre healthy enough to execute is not why i went to medical school.
good call, governor, bringing in the big guns.
ill send it to puja right away.
weve got to go into the jungle for supplies.
... theyve been trying to cover up.
i really was just there for dinner.
the smoking is not healthy.
i also found two bpositives and one abnegative.
i can fight my own battles!
people have to believe in something.
the man killed the vicepresidents brother.
oh she looks the most beautiful of them all
were going to get on that submarine, get together with whatever other survivors might be out there, and fight the hell back.
actually,i was hoping it would be just the two of us.
ravi. something is here.
jake, can you hear me?
and even if i could, i dont want to.
come on, come here.
who will be the model?
we have to go back.
do you know where i can find club zero?
your son didnt give me the right to shout.
its a female.
im perfectly qualified to be a coroner.
were gonna take this nice and easy jake.
no, no. not you.
because i think clark is hiding something from me.
im writing empire strikes back.
everyone is enjoying here...
rugheads got you scared, do they?
kate, please, tell me.
youre gonna build another one?
now that i think about it, the ogre who got away is shrek!
he was a murderer, clark.
cause ill be him.
how could you be a princess without your tiara?
you were paid to watch me while my mothers health failed and my father crisscrossed the globe on business.
im in sydney.
they must survive all three laps in order to proceed to day two.
okay, well, i guess ill see you guys tomorrow.
sawyer broke your heart.
anyway, could you watch him for me  until i come back?
you say that like its all detinevitable.
lets leave the bags down over here.
thanks for the audition.
will michael knight get the black flag?
i proposed to her.
youve survived an airline crash on this island.
when i asked him how he could be so sure...
the idea of sharing our software or giving it away for free disappeared with kevin flynn.
can you give us some of your time?
ahaana, im asking you.
there are so many people over here..all of the will laugh!
you wouldnt say where. you asked me to marry you.
..in our hometown delhi and catch a flight..
what are friends for?
you always tease me about this..
no, she wouldnt.
what about me?
still, hes right amongst us.
and without love there would be no...
victoria, my wife.
and right now, every one of us count.
just take care of the baby, ok?
but,michael  just do it.
give me this tape.
the third day we were here, i was on line at the cafeteria, and my mother got in line behind me.
ill take it.
your frighten just stink, your perfume will be spoiled.
ok. ok, look, its all gonna be ok.
ok?  that hes infected.
you know, eddie, i appreciate it, but its best if you stay out of it.
today, i found out that destiny.
she was gonna give him up for adoption, jack.  well, you dont know what she would do.
its all yours.
they had gas masks.
youre not going anywhere. youre gonna come back,
oh. well, thank you, pickle.
lets make this easy.
when im at war, ill do what i need to do to win, but i will not kill innocent people.
the reason for transporting mr. bentham to guam?
you dont know me, man.
i dont use drugs.
he promised to feature me more this season.
whoever you are, come out now!
ill contact the local police immediately.
thats why i trapped his sister.
i do. its there.
once you get a clean bill of health, well take you to metropolis.
i didnt want you to see this.
you notice how much you and i keep saying were sorry to each other?
i just told her where the people youre looking for are headed.
a year of med school before i dropped out.
how is this going to work aman?
who are you taking to the ball, alu?
hey guys, ill imitate a monster.
and you can all take it from me.
what was your plan?
but i am hungry.
you ask anyone yet?
dont know how many hurdles i may face today?
and apparently theyre the most expensive drinks in the world.
get your people out.
in the sunday paper, like everybody else.
were almost there.
what a devious way to trap me
you coming, arent you?
father said i must pay my respects
thats why im sitting in a coffee shop trying to wade through a russian classic.
youre gonna be okay.
sugar in the petrol tank, sir
i had to do this. does the defense have a witness?
where the hell did they find you?
come on, jodi, you dont have to hide.
..and well have to postpone the marriage for two days.
but whenever im next to her i dont know what happens to me.
good night, sisterinlaw.
ill catch up with you later.
if you want to know more, meet me at the house of the rising sun.
come on, man. lets go.
her eyes can make flowers bloom, i wish to kiss her soft cheeks, i wish to be her anklets on seeing her beautiful feet,
maybe lockes just decided not to catch it for us anymore.
thats okay,cause im not asking for any favors.
morning a fish and now a girl
we had a phone tip this afternoon from a man named...
good. im glad you finally made the right decision.
good. now, can you do the other one?
was he drunk?
im cooper, by the way.
it was a field of corn with sprayers all over it.
thats right, teddy.
when you were over there across the island, how well did you get to know those tailies?
do you happen to
who are they?
just try to relax and go back to sleep.
killing a brahmin is sin, youll lose the other leg also.
kitt,shut off all contact with the ssc.
why are you blocking our way, you donkeys? move!
hello madam, we are on the way.
libby says it wont...
thats when it all began.
i think we look cute.
sayid, come on.
thats the only reason she chose you.
im here for the railroad safety campaign.
why are you suddenly so interested, cupcake?
go and fiddle with your background.
take your glasses off.
it needs to be more unique than that.
its a gentlemans sport.
and as always, the air sickness bags are located in the seatback in front of you.
they think theyre getting saner.
because ive followed you for eight weeks now and i never once saw you order anything but a fucking sea breeze.
who wasnt on the plane?  ethan.
if i start loving then, half of the germany will be after me.
how much farther?
hello priya, i heard your story.
this is your avatar now, jake.
what happened to her?
or you can shoot me and never know.
if people are talking, im not hearing it.
did you call the cops?
were still waiting to see if her body rejects it.
she would spin it in the dream and it would never topple.
i couldnt stop what happened to chloe. theres a chance for whitney.
4 million contract.
oh, god, here we go again.
what are you doing?
well, each of us got a little donation for you too.
los angeles. i was training, yeah?
ive decided to arrange for your swayamvar to answer these questions.
i gave up my family.
thank you very much.
and snatched me up for dinner!
having a birthday party at lexs mansion seems pretty cool to me.
im doing this for us.
theres no one in there either. i looked.
what do you see? they refused him.
not for anybody.
if i can,then that hatch will never be built,and your plane... your plane will land,just like its supposed to,in los angeles.
i made some mistakes.
when you ran off, it seemed like you were looking for someone.
clark, you know that guy youre trying to protect?
that is some spooky psychobabble shit.
so what am i supposed to do?
ill just get him some soup.
weve been coming here every day.
wonder why he never told you.
i just wanna be able to come over and see the girls.
i can see why you havent eaten him.
they know you from iraq,dont they?
is that we had it coming.
eight months pregnant. youd think shed have more sense.
someone did their homework, right?
id hire a gangster to kidnap my brother so my parents will keep me.
i read about that.
wheres your mom...?
now all of a sudden, he started following sam around like a little puppy.
i didnt recognize you without your glasses.
he has me working with chemicals that could kill every man, woman and child on this island if i flip the wrong switch.
we set up a defensive perimeter.
yes, son, me.
then do onething, praise me with your hymns.
swim down! marlin
how the world really saw me.
there used to be. but she couldnt keep her head.
as in quarantine sick.
evidently, he stepped on them.
she says theyre all gone.
is there anything else?
the weather conditions may cause a bumpy takeoff, but dont worry, well soon climb above it.
mr harcourt here thinks there may be rats nesting in the attic.
then he felt this sharp pain in his mouth, which turned out to be a filling from his tooth being yanked right out of its socket and... blowing through his brain.
did you find everything?
thank you, captain obvious.
just keep swimming, just keep swimming
i turn all love into death.
..you owe your life to him.
if you get my drift.
first get out!
im going to give you one last chance.
oh, sorry. im a bit chesty to begin with and i happened to be knocked up when i wore this.
they never spoke a word to me, nor i to them.
they were collecting all the belongings.
its never been easy!
so i insisted you guys come here.
when i was 10, i went to metropolis for a riding competition.
im trying to surprise her, so keep it between us.
but... but im your true love.
you must always choose the one that is right... the one where you dont have to bend... where you dont fall.
pete, we have the cure. were going to make everyone better.
kind of sad, really.
ow! it doesnt look bad.
i know, bella, just breathe.
you dont want me to hold him?
so i started leaving him little hints here and there because i knew he wouldnt have the guts to ask, but...
hes scared of the ocean.
my guess is in this place you fit the bill.
when are you leaving?
do your... do your stuff.
cunning man... very cunning man.
thats not so bad, huh?
i said, im not crying!
and four 9 millimetres with a few boxes of ammo.
theres nothing to worry about.
im starting to think john locke is gonna be trouble.
how the hell did this happen?
hey, bellick, this is mack in cell block.
just trying to help.
youre not coming with us?
youre scaring me.
i dont care. beat it! come on!
this mistake would not have happened.
i found an a.
no one can.
yeah, i know. i know.
we can pick up the trail, catch up to him.
dory, look out!  food!  dory, look out!
its an old portrait of my grandfather.
we havent met. im kate.
i havent gotten much sleep.
dont you think that makes you kind of young and naive?
our contract ends with today. we are leaving tomorrow.
bender good evening, nash.
give me a 7iron.
we have to call it off while we can.
are you telling the truth?
dont waste time.
what do you know about sprains anyway?
and there are teachers that you do want to see on a bike.
looks good here too.
father, you go back home.
howd they get an army knife?
im not so sure about that, brother.
same thing happens tonight happened last night.
i went back up to the tower and changed the transmission.
who paid for all that, mr dawson?
what have you understood?
hes got a lot of influence with the governor.
okay, nice recovery.
again, mr. luthor, i  its okay.
and now, a folk dance from czechoslovakia.
no, i already ate.
the raft, its on fire.
so this is all in my brain?
its going to be all right, luke.
all right, sit.
tried and failed. his mother recovered enough to be sent home.
i did what you told me to do.
you and your valedictorians.
so, how is he?
i have advanced degrees in applied physics, quantum physics, electrical and mechanical engineering, chemistry,as well as discrete and applied mathematics.
were inbound and hot.
youre dead, bitch.
farhan, do u know.....he has read every book written by u!
its a mess. remember what a neat freak his mom was?
in 1959, the state senate finally clued in to the fact they couldnt buy him off with just a 200 check.
i was just sitting here telling myself its silly to be so upset about it.
will it give place to covertness?
yeah, fix it... right there, on the spot.
its gone! the waters all gone!
what am i allergic to?
well, what the hell do we do now?
looks like a wedding.
oh, id keep him. hes a real good kid.
i am really scared of him.
you dont know me. but i know you.
..that they just publicly caned him and let him go.
but im very happy.
kill shot! yeah!
get the team down here!  there he is! get him!
i hate liars.
you know im really happy today.
and most of all we have a beautiful young woman and her lover lying dead in each others arms.
is kevin here?
i just registered a complaint.
maybe fate has something else in mind for you.
they tortured me till now.
take me home.  dont go away.
and we ask, that you show charlie the path...
you find her and warn her she could be in danger.
..and i look after my children.
are you gonna marry my mom?
you all right?
did he ever bite you?
maybe you missed it. can you check with the other stations?
mustve left your present in the car, sweetie.
they were not here.
now, i realise that you guys probably heard about this other villain who stole the pyramids.
your real parents werent exactly from around here.
earl, trust me. im a man of my word.
thats what this is about?
then why are we here?
dont look good for our boy.
youre trespassing on private property here.
yes, it is different.
i asked you a question!
ill go to heathrow and stand there to invite everyone arriving from india... saying please come to my house.
go ahead. do your thing.
i never made friends easy like that.
now, ive gone through the medical examiners reports.
i told you id catch a fish, didnt i?
as soon as i get rid of him, then ill come get you and ill explain everything.
what exactly e you hoping to find?
say yes for the wedding.
oh, i see the theatricality of it.
i found bloodthe girls trail.
were not here to go without an answer from you.
who is in a hurry here?
i think mostly i wanted to scare them.
i get the feeling that she is a mean... and spiteful person.
what i do? decorate the walls?
do u know who that is?
for light beer?
must be a cherished memory of his.
youre a con, and thats all youll ever be.
ever since, ive been trying to convince myself of one thing, over and over.
what am i looking for?
you know, youre not the only one.
wheres my piano?
i want confirmation that the target was destroyed.
l hope they bring back elvis!
of course zuse can do these things.
thanks for your patience.
give me that thing.
now, beans, you owe me three quarts already. i cant give you more credit.
wait. we have to baptise aaron.
what do you think happens back home if you die here?
i dont choose the time or place of their meetings.
well, lets find it before they come back.
whats the one thing we have to remember about the ocean?
we decided to let him chill.
your daughter is my daughterinlaw.
even i dont get scared because you are always with me...
dont you have something to mop up?
but dont beat yourself up about it.
what does that mean?
youve been doing tests for a month now.
im gonna get everybod together.
please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts.
would you like to say hello to dr. harford?
nicholas, it cant be that hard.
those men from the vault room.
you know what?
then you can fire him whenever he ceases to be valuable and no one will ever know.
no one can argue that.
thank you, sir. im fine.
i went where no one goes
the white, and the black.
nice tattoo, by the way.  what?
honey, can you tie this?
send them where?
oh, man. i locked my keys in the car.
some day, when youre gonna sing..
dont you want to go where the rainbow ends?
i have some business to take care of. ill see you shortly.
did you ever own a dog?
this hawk is dead!
i may have stolen a kiss or two, but only after asking your fathers permission.
how could i forget your birthday.  all right.
you think this is funny, james?
thats quite a likeness.
ten thousand copy first...
no, i couldnt talk to him. radzinsky thinks hes a hostile.
i dont believe it.
good, we left the place.
but dad never behaved properly for mothers honest nature.
hi, i was hoping youd come.
you... i have seen you agaln thats enough for me.
i dont have your courage.
the prosecutions case was a slam dunk.
she was acting kind of barmy, asking me about horses.
were not going back, are we?
i am going to pray that allah wills it so too.
okay, well, cars 7 through 10 and 16 through 19 are carrying a chemical called molten phenol.
were going after your train.
i cannot believe how antibirthday you are.
stay where its crowded. alicia john, im not going anywhere!
this is my favorite part.
and i gotta know what theyre protecting. nothing else matters to me.
what happened, jenny?
go and see whether maya is in the office or not!
where is papa going so early in the morning?
i know you. youre the contractor from the talon.
last night, i had physical relations with a girl i didnt even know.
we in business?
defensive circle, forward! defensive circle, forward!
its gonna cost extra.
no, actually, im not.
forget about it and have a drink happily.
youll think youve been fucked by a train.
are these your people? ! no!
about four years ago, herr kommandant.
randy, last mag!
figured shed get you to do her dirty work for her.
ok, lets go!
you better get out here.
yes, of course.
theres no calling my father off.
look there, thats narsings sister!
it happens. lt happens in all professions.
thats good, right?
me kate. me throw rock.
im a patient man.
you found a way to let go of what happened.
yeah. hurleys supposed to be here.
when i made centurion, they asked me where i wanted to be posted.
so you smack all your friends in the face with a rifle, shove em in a boat and kidnap em?
now, thats how you drive a fucking car.
yes! and its a stink bomb, for gods sakes!
i cant do this.
i had decided that day to teach lesson to machiraju and narsing.
priya, were you so madly in love..
rogue 1, you copy?
the key is to keep your mind off it.
i kind of lied.
i dont know sir.
did you get it?
ill take him.
please do not go home.
i got a call from portland recently.
were losing fuel.
you know how i worry about you when you go out in public.
i thought you didnt want anything to do with aaron.
daniel faraday. im here to rescue you.
not much upside to scaring the crap out of 46 people.
but if she didnt want us to find her, then she couldve created a dummy trail
give me your hand.
those people made you a part of that community.
i want you to have it.
i have got my answer.
he became my life...
right, like you were supposed to throw a knife into that naomi chicks back?
i dont like this book. this is going on forever.
fell behind, i guess.
no, i just walked in, and he was helping himself.
youre right. im going in.
what do you think?
dont wear this now. allah will understand. these people wont.
charlie, can you give us a hand?
you got your lumberyard, you dont need this.
ohh. ohh, thats good.
im more the power behind the throne.
morton, the lindas want you to open this door.
and then my dad got a new car and moved to tacoma.
were gonna put our faith, our money, into a...
how does one learn how to do that?
are you kidding?
no, my mistake was to appoint a snivelling weasel like you as secretary of defense.
will they stop when they see me again?
ill call for help once we get there.
excuse me, mr shrek?
losing weight is never pretty.
im makin a mess!
you go and tell them.
its fucking stuck!
and when you enter a dream within that dream, the effect is compounded.
weve seen what mardon can do, but do not forget,
hey, you want me to agree to walter, or what?
we can do those xrays here?
you need to know, lafleur he saw the model of the swan, and he couldve seen the survey of where were building it.
no, he hasnt been in.
a little prep for your arrival.
we cant wait for you.
has papa sent you?
im sure word of him will come to us soon.
it saved your life.
..and words once spoken, can never be taken back.
thats like getting turned down by the national enquirer.
we dont use the word margaret around kevin.
write him off?
i saw it with my own eyes. hes just a regular kid.
but i know ill see you again.
do you have everything?
i love you.
i was going to leave you!
the second you closed that window, your brain popped a gasket.
you read hemingway?
ditomasso, take the southeast corner.
i used to stay with her as a paying guest.
mr reyes, you were worth more than 150 million at the time of your...death.
i was afraid you were gonna say that.
they gave us a settlement after the crash, and i didnt need it all you dont have to explain it, kate.
well, i appreciate the gesture.
what will we do if dad?
you fight one bean, you fight the whole burrito, huh?
if its something you never did, you dont drink.
but the fact is... what do you thinks going on over there?
were gonna go to hell, guys.
but im not...
ive already heard everything you had to say, john.
im gonna keep you on antibiotics for the next ten days.
or for me.
and for the briefest of moments every last man at shawshank felt free.
but secretly, i use my speed to fight crime.
you could wear them.
communications officer.  where is the radio room?
that stuff you put on my head. you drugged me?
you dont say... can i say another one?
that fucking crash. thats what crash im talking about.
theres something about this that is so familiar.
did the sprinkler system go off or something?
immy, priya is coming.
hey. i was gonna email you when i got home.
were gonna have to lie.
you ever shot at anybody before?
..between prithvi and veer.
were looking for your daughter.
i know everything there is to know about money.
i guess its just you and me now..
i always get wet.
i just heard about felice.
ill see you in another life, brother.
no, bruce, focus.
but they said i wasnt going till next week.
no, this is my house.
you have all the classics on cd. ben, this is amazing.
yall need to relax.
lets go for a drive.
ill be right back.
mr. saito, this isnt your typical corporate espionage.
all right, well, im goanna go check the eco report from the new satellite.
if it happens, ill lose my honour in public.
the doors locked.
to steal this.... what is this?
so nobody gets reeled in like a sea bass.
youve seen the blueprints?
its trying to eat me!
it got vandalized, of course.
i think you could have handled her.
but you failed.
whoever they are, they take trophies.
shes smart and shes special in a lot of ways.
the transmissions been on a loop for... how long, freckles?
we should get moving.
ive opened the second chapter in psychology.
i have given you the money, now let us go!
youll still be a fool.
and you gave him his knife back?
we have reason to believe hes finally found the coordinates of the island, and hes heading right for it.
is that what youre so pissed off about?
hello! dont be rude.
they demanded the first numbers to pop into my head.
yes, it was.
terrible at what? you already said you didnt stay behind for me.
mr president, its the secretary of defense.
i saw her die.
oh, i wish i was braver.
all charlie said was whose boat it isnt.
it doesnt make any sense.
brooks hatlen knew it.
hes in deep.
whats that thing where doctors make you feel better just by talking to you?
ya pia hello raju wat happened?
after he smells mine.
venezuela, that was some mean bush.
billy,open a chat line.
you and ross are next. come on down, boys.
youre like a baby.
beans, i need to show you something.
youve taken care of everyone who posed a threat to your friends.
so youre giving me 6,000 to give my baby to a couple of strangers in los angeles?
yes, you did tell me that.
ill be there on the 1 7th.
you really love him.
im not leaving without you. we gotta get out of here now.
lisa called. get keefe outta here.
i dont know, but roger said that one of them had a bomb.
kidll do almost anything if hes pissed off enough at his folks.
whatd you say?
our experiences in the past and the future occurred before these experiences right now.
youre not backing out now.
whats this place called?
seems like both ofyou are right here with me.
the volturi are a very old, very powerful family.
a donkey like you..
look, clark, i know this has gotta be really hard for you but hang in there like we promised.
if theres any drinking, i will pick you up.
i also exfoliate every four hours,
but if he asked me again, id say no.
i know who you are.
not in the construction area.
excuse me. excuse me. look out!
im on it.
shes like this cause the sky keeps lighting up.
theres a train coming. hurry!
brother, hes calling you, he wants keys to keep water inside.
,freedom, and discovery?
hes looking at you for sure.
complete the job en route i make one phone call from the plane you have no trouble getting through immigration.
right now its just me here...
your dad already offered you a job in metropolis. just tell people the truth.
im a lawyer. i can tell when someones stalling.
man on radio  go, sheriff.
hes getting worse.
professor nazer and my calculations say that this is here somewhere.
all right, i guess thats good enough.
l am, but i wanna know
make sure you stay in the area ive shown you.
what have you done?
are you drunk?
they wont book drive shaft without you.
hasnt he told u..... friendship is the biggest sthan of a human!
being friends with lex luthor can be complicated, but it has advantages.
but the experiment was a failure.
please dont take my baby away from me.
jedi mind trick.
isabelle, were trying to listen to our guest alright.
and his wound is far from lifethreatening.
you think youre tough, huh?
of course i left my pack back at the hatch crater.
i fucking knew...
irs cant touch one cent.
im just here for the day.
h h yes sir, hmmm your life is under risk, wat how?
youll have to be here by yourself.
youll get used to it.
go get it!
all you ever did was blow up every chance we had of getting off this island.
anybody speak french?
i didnt ask you to do that.
am i missing something interesting?
uno momento, mama. im just checking something out.
so, why dont you move your car?
see you at the airport tomorrow.
i respect you, but that doesnt mean..
then ill mate.
how does a filling get blown through someones head?
whose chequebook is that?
no, but very soon.
whoa! hold on. wait to cross.
fiona, i need to...
this is the last place theyd suspect.
she always remembers him on happy occassions.
well they read my article in the ledger on the cop, and i guess my work spoke for itself.
picking together is always more fun.
but im not.
we gotta stop him.
you would remember if you buried the woman you loved.
listen, stop this pointless chatter and keep this.
i ruined her life.
antibiotics. i just got a... a stomach bug.
can i gutshoot someone?
sounds like a description of family, doesnt it?
ill do it.
everything is fair in love and war eeheh eheheh ok... just tell me one thing,... do you really feel... nose comes in between if wanted to kiss?
andrew, andrew, phone.
any contact with our people on the beach?
it was my fault.
where do you want to go?  go to the airport.
hang in there, jake.  its okay. we got you.
its like the fire knew what i was doing.
lets make a pact.
pilot, you armed?
i call it the wall of weird.
ive noticed the fort. its in a poor state of repair.
where the rainbow ends.
honey, im glad you like it.
my names not annie.
marieedwige, there you are.
but i wouldnt call him james.
bad things will happen to you in your life.
sit the fuck down.
push the button?
the helicopter never made it to nellis.
mom, its a couple of nights in metropolis. ill be fine.
is your white rabbit a hallucination? probably.
i like your theory.
im sorry too.
this isnt what was supposed to happen.
no, its about the 5 cars too many.
you might want to consider hiking boots.
this is why im here.
kalpana home for orphans
yeah,im cool we didnt go all the way last night. i get it.
so i guess your dad and i will have the place to ourselves.
sir harry wants to take over luthorcorp, and he needs my shares to do it.
french! the french are coming!
but ill get her.
im good at putting bits and pieces together.
were about to be the best thing that ever happened to you.
heres my chance.
yeah, but cant you switch a blue wire with a red wire and make it stronger?
eh rahul whats the matter?
you know, i almost feel bad.
a mans down, you give him your hand.
crackers always make me feel better.
about what, mother?
makes you long for your own youth.
im building a church.
so, what do you actually do?
i should warn them, its not very pretty down there.
give me the password.
nobodys trying to bury him.
you should be happy today.
i really think we have far more pressing matters than me giving you a shirt.
buy a lady a drink?
you do it right. you dont know how to do it.
okay. then the baby knows that too.
so naturally i would have to marry you.
nothing will happen to him.
yard times over, ladies.
clark, i just heard.
..and is going towards her car.
why did you choose it?
were only puppets!
you were born at such a time because of you this negative energy was born within you.
you bu me.
the lakes too busy.
your english is good, abdul.
have some lovely chicken wings.
he says we got a transfer tonight.
i hear if you get too sunburnt, you can peel a mans face right off.
what will you do now?
no,something else. something different.
that shot me on the raft.
in fact, i wish that i could tell you just how great.
like a closed book.
see if you can recognize the voice.
you need to get on the phone and talk to him!
what are they doing out there?
i know what to do on a honeymoon night.
youre big news right now.
i want to talk to yashodhara, and not you.
city is on fire outside, youre sitting calmly here.
when they asked him why, he said he figured fate couldnt find him twice.
thats what i thought.
im pinned. i cant move.
i had every intention of staying, but your father sent me away.
oh, no. you need to push right now.
how did you do that?
with a dilemma.
this is the photo that i took for the bulletin board.
ill marry jenny only.
what difference would it make..
i guess he had a lot on his mind trying to adapt to life on the inside.
its primary function is the preservation of human life...
either of them tries to run? shoot em in the leg.
we need the cake!
laughing stock take off ur pants or they gonna piss on u... he is tellin piss as muthravisarjan?
driving, i know the way!
how many today?
look, how many times he has called all the night.
itll stop the venom. i saw it on tv.
ive been trying to figure out why you beat up boone instead of just telling him you didnt have his sisters medication.
theyre over. no more bloody noses.
i cant take this.
its unleashing the inner lana.
ls it my mistake?
until you, robots didnt dream robots didnt desire unless we told them what to want.
the police will find out and well be in trouble.
im waiting here for you.
you may want to go inside.
hes.. just trying to..
and i just said, use these. put these on him.
that would have done it, wouldnt it?
what the hells going on?
you send a woman to steal the lamp?
what the hell you gonna do with it anyway?
well, okay, then.
thank you, jenny.
youve already done everything for me, fiona.
we just have to make it a few more hours, and then well be fine.
oh, for gods sake.
thats too bad.
who wants to help me? !
i crunched them good. real good.
you dont. we reach you.
get away gracie, get away.
ill be watching you.
weve been friends for a long time, yeah? so, this is completely your choice.
technically, its called a wild ass!
i dont get out much.
yes, i am the bass guitarist in   do you know anything about fishing?
radio waves at this frequency bounce off the ionosphere.
can you use it?
im not any more.
looks like hell match horoscopes too.
come on down here, pumpkin.
what was that about? rough at home?
cant this be averted?
she kept her diary in this pocket. i know because i saw her put it there.
for one thing.
jenny, dont worry.
i so thought you were busted.
your tribe was there.
she is completely incompetent.
a guys gotta get his protein somehow.
half of your army has advanced towards the jungle.
actually, the mollusk isnt moving.
she always keeps her portable phone listed for emergencies.
ill leave as soon as the interviews are done.
is everything okay?
well, then the question you gotta ask yourself is
i will treasure it always.
mayday!  theres no time. get out now!
youre doing it too fast!
did you see that jenna marshall was here?
im very grateful.
what are you up to, nate?
..the rest will flee on their own.
im a regional collections manager for a cardboard manufacturer.
which way do we go, sheriff?
please say it loudly again so that they can hear it.
she said they shipwrecked.
and id be happy to pay you  1 00 over the rental price...
have i just reached some level of honesty that borders on stupidity?
they have neared us.
what teams this switch hitter playing for?
excuse me, sheriff rango. i want to talk to you.
two, three, maybe four days.
i think that...
how many of the virgin mary statues do you have left?
lfl make her mine shell steal my heart
listen, if youre gonna perform inception, you need imagination.
is he ok?
stop joking with me early in the morning...
i dreamt that you and mom had come to london to surprise me.
..with a new sight and vision.
uh, no one, cause youre so ugly, no one would come to your door.
a day when you were an innocent, mindless little baby.
its school days, pretty boy. come on!
dont say that to me.
i get caught with a hole in my wall,
itll be a disaster.
but make sure you level that transam.
friends, before we bunk down
im back on the raft.
easy, mama bear. its just a routine investigation.
can you pee?
my mom is dead
dont touch those.
reel you back in?
i have to admit, mom and dad argue a lot.
who could ever love a girl named beezus?
believe me, your people are gonna be so angry
i think your friends just blew themselves up, brother.
i m not sure what you think you re doing.
dont keep picking on the boy.
well have us a little book barbecue in the yard.
it just seems a little inconsistent.
having fun idiots?
thanks for your time and my money back!
i assume youre referring to the fact that i killed you.
go get warmed up.
mark 1 335.
have some faith, papi.
hello. who is this?
before adding alcohol and other essences to make perfume.
i got scars on the back of my neck.
stay between the buoys.
first you strategically position your pieces.
w what are you doing here?
hmmm... ey have this dhokla... hold this,
there werent no water.
whatever ivan was paying you is wasting his money.
all are rasool gang members.
colonel, what is going on down there?
jeez, mind telling your subconscious to take it easy?
he was hustling some stolen shit with his girlfriend when we stopped him.
take us to the airport, please.
lana, when i saw you and clark outside your house that night, i freaked out.
does aunt bea really know some weird guy named hobart?
come in bhattu!
all these questions. this is beginning to sound like an interview.
mardon said he was going to avenge his brother.
wallaby way...  uhh!
i think well just take him on home.
dont fuck it up.
little close to the ear.
never marry, mr gray.
no, because im real.
gentlemen, start your engines!
its great and its frustrating and its scary.
i had to take them from charlie. his heroin stash.
i will pray for them, too.
launching my career and conveniently your own.
you think you gettin up in this, you got another think comin, you homo.
you mean youve done this before?
i need you to focus and try and remember what that is.
baby, hes my best friend.
after four days of drinking and doing nothing, now, in the middle of the night, youre ready to go?
we must go out.
tell your dad i spoke to my lawyers. because of rickmans untimely demise theyre not expanding.
what did you screw up so bad the first time around youre willing to blow up a damn nuke just for a second chance?
on what basis shall i file a case against him?
i thought you were a physicist.
im not hiding anything.
adam and eve, they must have lived here.
you know, you were right.
why would you travel in that way?
but im still staying out of tobys way.
so, which one is it?  im from the ocean.
i remember reading all about it.
this looks like a dangerous area.
right now theyre trying to get away with millions of dollars... worth of comtron secrets.
im not getting on that sub if theres a chance that my wife is still on this island.
she tried to save the other two,but they didnt
everything that im saying is boiling down to this.
you gotta twist it.
can you believe she didnt endorse me?
i could fix this place up. might find somebody to share it with.
did you just write your phone number down on sean kelvins hand?
he says its big.
and the better the maze...
ill call you back.
now, do we have an understanding?
even i have kept the karwa chauth fast today.
i know you hear em.
good afternoon, madam.
but in a way its also good, because...
well, heres the dealio.
i wasnt that impressed.
i dont get it.
you tell me where she is...
i dont like bees, okay?
at least i know where im not wanted.
hi, is your mother home?
i never had a birthday.
sounds like she was counting on moving into the barn.
i mean it.
before i left for sydney, the marshal who was escorting me, he had this silver case.
look, maybe you can help me...
what the hell is that?
you have some kind of beef with him or something?
so black hawks and little birds will provide the air cover...
jasper said that i could be of help.  we wont need your help.
so where the hell is he?
dear sir, dear mr. moucheboume or my dear mr. moucheboume?
where did that come from?
shes in class, i can help you.
dont sweat it.
the exposure to the blast must have done something to his body.
give me the gun. ill kill him.
hes with jack. thats why im here.
where are you going?
that depends on the question. what exactly is your relationship with sarah?
remember, you told her so yourself.
may i be with you all the time!
yeah, thats it. clark kent, international man of mystery.
who did you tick off to get stuck with this?
well, from the taggants, forensics traced it to a mining company out of nevada, stolen about...
come with me..please aare yaar..u doctors take an oath tat ull never say no to a patient!
what is this, some sort of teen suicide pact?
you said you would never leave us and go away...
hey, lights out, my lovelies.
i figured if were going to war, wed want the one guy whos been in a war.
i admire the effort, ms. castle, but i have to decline.
what are you doing with your satchel?
ashish, where are you?
shes going through her thing and im going through mine.
no, its not a problem.
all because of tiny microchips.
well actually think about it!
did you hear that?
he knows where to find me.
funny how things turn out, huh?
i know aircraft better than most.
what do you mean, its morning?
take down a truck foreman goes, yeah, guy was here yesterday. he shows us a forged timecard.
you see, i dont like lex luthor i dont like lionel luthor, and i dont like your friendship with my son.
you have a fracture dislocation of your thoracic lumbar spine with multiple crushed vertebrae.
bring some food over here, were starving!
the white blood cell count plummets.
bella, do you remember when we walked on the beach at la push?
grab your bows!
no, he hasnt told me.
thats where we process memory.
but i am getting worried.
why are you leaving?
i see you found a new friend.
our wives are friends, our kids go to the same catholic school.
how can i help you?
grab your stuff.
do you have a minute?
go back to your house,kate. john,this has nothing to do with you
listen to me, scully!
i reserved us a table.
that means we control their life.
i came in through the window.
because youre going after the guy who escaped, and im going after my son.
theyre following us.
why did you help that con?
im... on the island alone.
gun cocking on screen man 1 on screen
it all started with a small prank.
is it now?
things been in our family a long time.
youll have to leave. now.
i mean, whats down there for you?
she makes horrible food.
yes, doctor, what was wrong with him?
well, i have tons.
as much as i like helicopter rides, you got this one under control.
see, you didnt think, jack, and as i recall, a lot of people ended up dead.
whered you find him? by the flame.
you are actually waiting for mr. right.
im sorry. just... ill see you there.
ive gotta go.
but there is a power greater still.
when i was 17 years old,
are they still in the bank?
ive brought these papers.
did you see that?
beth is retiring at the end of season.
lucass farms on the other side of town!
am i the only one not getting this?
alicia every possible color.
ive to reply because of you.
why dont we have a whole town of bugpeople?
i aint asking your permission.
it wont shut down!
and what would you do, lists, if you got out?
the history of my people is great and glorious.
you found your loophole.
how about i dance the black swan for you?
andrew groaning, coughing
whats the rush?
yelling makes me so parched.
leave my dad!
yes, we do that.
grab his arms!
what are you doing here?
171, cheetah camp.
i dont know how you did it, but i know its you.
draw off fire! when this asshole stops to reload, cover me!
we got nothing to worry about.
they got it weighted down with something.
has anyone of your men seen the killer?
im sure its him.
who knows the story of little tom thumb?
my land is not for sale!
hey, mrs. kent.
what, youre talking to me now?
but your dad wants to spend some time with you.
from the other side of the island, jack kissed me.
this attempt is like committing suicide, ahaana.
marilyn, did you think he was the arsonist type? im not.
they came like ghosts, in the dead of night. we never saw them.
now it looks like darwin wins after all, eh, fish?
why are we whispering?  i dont know.
you rent a condo in reseda.
some secrets destroy families.
you should never sign a contract with rumpelstiltskin!
remind us how that was done the last time?
what did he say?
you almost died.
how do i know you can deliver?
this isnt a motel.
you guys are hoping to fly this thing, huh?
he left us.
right there, ladies and gentlemen. there she is.
dont you do it.
i think i have something for you, okay.
clu saw the is os as an imperfection.
uh, use the miles for the tickets.
how come we dont know about this?
he wants a boy that doesnt smoke, drink or lie.
that is, unless her phone number really is only six digits.
it was meant to maim.
better listen to him, cop.
that hotel, that boat....
hello, can i speak to vishal?
hes one of widmores men.
why did papa leave us?
what are you saying father?
vasant kunj is such a huge area..
i tried to get back but i couldnt get to the portal.
i apologise on his behalf.
aw, you guys made me ink.
put out your hand.
consult a doctor.
you want the truth?
i will get the champagne.
tonight youll sleep with me in this room.
i think im allergic to bees.  please be quiet.
how many days to the wall?
you got the same look on your face i did when he ditched me.
i was in the same spot when i was your age.
im here. what more do you want?
about what happens? yes.
i knew you were real.
well, ill be damned.
you dont want to do this.
those are for you, from mr. leroy.
kalpana said yes.
dude, thats right.
killing him would just wake him up.
if youve never been here, how did you know to come here?
their helicopter already took sayid and desmond back to their freighter.
ill go to the crash.
you saying this is my fault?  yeah.
mamas third wish was that you should be here...
so you will understand my actions today.
okay. thank you, ramona.
what the hells he saying?
you told me not to leave my tent.
i mean cremate them.
its all arranged, laura.
you like bob marley?
ive got enough of my own crap to deal with.
oh god. ls he such a bad omen?
abruzzis jet was plan a.
what is he wearing?
hurley is insane.
they say nothing lasts forever
i mean,the chance to negate the everyday humiliation beating on your soul
time to put this theory to the test.
my daddy plumb loved baked beans.
i need heat, clark. contact. thats the only thing thats gonna work for me.
you boys see all right?
i was just, uh, i got lost.
if everyone was staring at me instead of god then its not my problem.
if you want him to stay that way,
what was that about back there?
look at my face.
whats happening, jonathan?
hes been moved to the front.
head for the trees. ill catch up with you.
if they see me talking to you then talk quickly.  you wont understand it!
so if anything else comes up, you guys let me know.
we wouldnt be eating in there anytime soon, nicolas?
i wont let you down.
whats it gonna take to make this article go away?
oh, im sorry to hear that.
you came back for me.
you are not bringing him in here.
we should help.. this.. poor girl.
go on. off you go, then.
i hate telling that story.
whats this nuisance?
heheh dont make fun of my mother, hey raju we will study, with complete dedication well study, but not only to pass exams, some great scholar has told, never study to be successful, study for self efficiency
nah, its better this way.
carey, im coming to you.
i mean this train is enroute to pass through some highly populated areas.
whos gonna help me?
whats your assessment of this lunatic?
unless we had a bet. then he would tell me.
whats the serial number that goes on the hatch lid?
i would have understood it if you didnt.
you have one new message.
just go. you go, ok?
hey, clark, look, i am real proud of what you did.
you look so lost.
thats all right. lets get out of here. this place is a dead end.
at least now we know how hes doing the time warp.
clark. isnt lana still going out with whitney?
we are gonna be pushing back for takeoff.
love you, baby!
because the truth is,
that women do to each other,
lowered voice whatwhat the hell are they doing here?
they live together. like, not as roommates.
thats right. get on the carpet.
and i havent eaten all day.
well, i happen to know that you do.
in any case, its a trying ordeal for someone in peak physical condition.
what are you saying, brother?
and it starts when we decide.
if you say so.
i was just told.
then well drop u back!
i got it!
hes a business magnet based in dubai who controls 40 countries with a remote.
it wasnt about me.
you want it easy, quit moaning.
they discover, they create.
you didnt hear about their little army?
that was some woman who just said peggy odell was dead.
so, you want to talk about whats been going on with you?
now let me finish my job and then we can talk about whatever it is you want to talk about.
they expect me to cook it again!
how would mr. widmore know that?
wheres my son?
she tell you your future?
whawhats a walkabout?
youre kind of a dick.
the census. i interviewed everyone.
we dont even talk anymore.
youre the one who just locked lips.
sit in van, ill get devi.
..but whenever you need me..
dont look at her. dont talk to her.
no sir, its the flux.
then i would ask, what way might that be?
as soon as he enters..
how many are you taking care of like this?
in cryo you dont dream at all.
im getting him out of here.
im ready to pay you the money for it.
you spent three hard days to bring me here, i didnt want you to know this.
perhaps i made a mistake.
bella, come on.
shes running from something.
i think theres something wrong with me.
he said he wasnt feeling well.
but it looks as if youll be going alone after all.
he found the water!
sports. dances. clubs.
quickly now, before there is no more legacy left in my veins
well, im here to kick some ass.
what do you think?
im a better shot than you.
twenty years and nobody got hurt.
so on that basis...
youre not alone in this. we are all here for you.
yes. sure thing, coach.
but when the camp split up, i was sure shed want to go with locke.
no, i already called the police. thats why the detectives here.
tell me grandma.
they stick drugs in your food and they sit back and watch what happens.
tell me about it.
someone here i cant bear to leave behind.
the problem is, lex, that whats good for luthorcorp isnt always whats good for this town.
ive been holding on for the past seven years to just a thought, a blind hope that somewhere shes still alive.
and one day, ill find who killed my mother...
part of my training entailed getting the enemy to communicate.
why are you still here?
after the diagnosis we learnt that he doesnt have cancer..
because this was in your little statue.
you made her my alternate?
jonathan, you know the rules, no parents on the sidelines.
but could i learn it in grasse?
im not going to work with this... crazy rhino.
but then you...
maybe she has it turned off.
you did the right thing.
yeah, well i wait by the phone twice a week.
put your gun down.
because he doesnt meet anyone in hell...
why are you sleeping?
and your tank forever be petrolful.
calm down.  its not good for aaron...
if he was created to love, then we can assume he can hate.
how come, the police?
yeah baby, get some!
19, we walked through.
i mean, imagining youre some hunter?
do you have the marks, teresa?
and dezzy here, hes got some interesting sick days.
were just fishing.
should i count it or trust you.
i just hate that were going home empty  handed.
i dont need to know anything else.
the numbers are bad! the numbers are bad!
my dad worked the concession stand during college and my mom came to see close encounters.
this man... this man is a demon!
how dare you!
thats the problem with this place.
aunt bea, i need a tiara!
alicia sobs i need a towel.
did you blow up that truck?
happy birthday to you. happy birthday to you.
cmon aleya bathroom!
that note came back to me three years later through a child.
thats because these drones wouldnt know a qualified candidate if they saw one.
the one we blew up? thats perfect.
my arms around his neck
lex, what are you doing here?
i was hoping maybe she went back to the beach.
now youve had your fun. good for you.  no,no.
he didnt come back.
,and extremely noisy with them open,
cause if you complain, they say youre jealous and punish you.
you let me worry about keamy, all right?
wait, youre not all serious.
let that shit go?
the plane, our plane, i was in that chair when we took off, but not after we crashed.
discovery is quite possible.
we dont have to continue this, zuko.
but all the money in the world isnt gonna fill that empty hole inside you, miles.
..then ill kill the owner of the lamp..
you had enough attention, with your familys wealth and... your charm.
after getting down from flight, come to kali temple.
few people have caught me with my guard down.
this is our old camp.
im boss. look.
i dont understand..
the only question is how to minimize the damage. be quiet!
when he, ethan when he took you away, he took me too.
go over there now!
im forcing a vote of the board of directors to accept an employee buyout of the plant.
um, todays date is...
when locke gets back, thats where theyll look.
she never knew.
why dont you take up a job?
dont do anything reckless.
because i dont wanna lose you.
theyre pretty old.
one of us had to die.
im sorry that i did. its not your fault you dont remember.
and team b. good luck.
the first commandment is you got nothing coming.
do you know who is bali?
now, try them together.
i can help you.
he is gusteaus son.
well, im a man of faith.
in any case their party is not going to start early.
fine. whatever. ill buy the one next to it.
dont do it, bob. dont do it.
tell him that.
what are you saying to me?
..that i havent seen before then..
thats one truth and the other one is that you are very young...
what kind of trouble are you in?
so i guess youll spend the summer in metropolis.
its a pleasant surprise.
lets go, goddamn it, lets go!
you got a deal.
we protected the island peacefully for more than three decades.
i dont want ravioli, i want lobster.
in two and a half minutes flat i was orphaned.
sun, im sorry.
of course. of course. no problem.
my empire! but, as i was saying, i like to look at the goblet as half full.
so were just gonna bust in?
come on, go, go go ..
i brought over the produce order for the party.
but you did, son. for what?
do you believe in arranged marriages and not love marriages?
i think my sinuses are clearing.
he was dirty.
the car talked to you.
with all the fun im having here?
someone is dumping water in the desert.
yes, i heard youve been flying on passenger planes.
just take it easy. relax. okay.
and only those who know it can come in.
weve come to you with my lonely heart..
i have said it before.
linc the sink?
his fate is always making him cry.
where did you find this?
there will come another time.  thats a fact.
check that volume, inmate.
ill be fine.
hello sachin... kalpana.
i dont know what i wouldve done if you werent here.
im ashamed of the things i done when im out there.
... and asked them to suspend me.
i know you didnt, bill.
this happened down the spike.
i can honestly say im a changed man.
new gift..gift gift gift gift!
heaven came much later.
why arent you shooting?
better than that.
your buddies do this?
all that is certain is that darkness is still ahead
come on, admit it. youre getting some sorta bang out of this, arent you?
just move your ass before i lose my patience.
so i can kill him.
which is, as you may have guessed, against the rules.
ill catch up with you later.
lie to him again.
i demand another phone call.
so, i hear the new teacher is really hot.
put the knife down.
if i do it, im one of them.
youre hurt. let me help you.
its got me up nights. thats the truth.
that train is carrying eight of them.
come on beat me, you bloody.
why are you shocked?
so we can create an advantage.
somebody elses passport!
i got to live with that.
looks like a miniature pickax.
walt should be home from school any minute.
yeah. ok. got it.
im on my way.
a government employee sets my emissions levels, and i abide.
yeah, me, too.
thought you could tell. i was getting sick.
where is it?
how long, sawyer?
mr gru, mr perkins will see you now.
what are you saying?
come here, boy.
thats my sister!
with french beard, a black mole here.
depends on how long it takes to dry.
rogers dr. nash, follow me, please.
so why bother?
we could take that, cut around the horn of the island, be at the orchid in half the time.
if you want to return, ...you need to recreate as best you can the circumstances that brought you there in the first place...
why didnt you tell me?
you mean their leader.
i use it every day.
hes got my baby!
comtron.  that looks like a good place to start.
is he the same man?
killing me wont bring amanda back.
fresh fish today!
even all tied up, i can show a girl a good time.
this is a funny story actually.
dude. i am just a teenager.
as soon as i get my strength back, i will take us back there.
there is a leak in my ceiling. its coming from your apartment.
she is not feeling well !
is tina around?
fischer juniors godfather.
i dont know.
ten minutes ago,
best nose in paris.
what can i say?
i say we split up.
give the phone back
i dont think i can spell trebuchet.
goodbye, recorded message.
the old mans gonna knock on the sky, listen to the sound.
its a sanctuary.
i did something.
dr. augustine, you cannot be up here!
what i need you to do right now is i need you to drive.
i heard about your lady bailin.
i get it, but it still feels like her house.
stay! away! from holes!
you better take it up with him.
whats your name?
if you had the customer key, why...
i got it all under control now.
i need to modify the bomb.
well, thats not him.
yes. i feel choked.
dramatic music continues
you seem upset.
you are right.
why do you want to kill me?
she has come so far. all the way from madhavgarh..
something is fishy.
im sure well talk again soon, clark.
till when will i hide it sister?
she lost her watch yaar..shes searchin for it..... wat!
aint i, miguel?
are you going to see her again?
because i needed to tell someone.
what passes for normal around here.
i havent spoken to sean since the party.
not to pat myself on the back, but, yes, it probably will be.
its all your fault, clark.
i dont believe that parents and their kids should work together.
thatd be great. my fathers followed the team all season.
if i could just have one minute of your time, clark.
why did he slap me now, brother?
kind of squeezed through the bars.
im playing football, and you cant stop me.
i just have to run away.
im not finished with you, on the first day of college, you had asked me a question....remember?
dont joke it away now im telling you.
its an honor, sir. thank you very much.
i will never give up!
im not washing anybodys underwear.
who do you think you are?
better than life.
biddy boom biddy boom boom.
live from the hostel!
the electromagnetic energy within the island can be highly volatile and unpredictable.
its michael dawson, and hes a traitor.
and he told me that it was my fault for leaving.
i cant protect you here.
you survived falling eight stories out of a building.
wait a minute. wheres remy?  right here.
a fucking little bitch did all this?
its not just that.
he went back home. hes under private care.
i want this place gutted.
i have this dream.
no. no, thats a tiny, teeny version compared to that.
for all that youve done for ronnie.
im abigail spencer. theresas my sister.
i can get out of the way. im spry.
thats all right, son.
what are you afraid of? what you did... or what youre capable of doing?
are you afraid you cant take your son again?
jenny gave me something.
you know, ive never disappointed anyone before, because nobodys ever expected anything of me.
were not in your dream.
maddening, you know, in my head, but... right now, its quiet.
who will escort her to the prom.
it seems youre a somnambulist.
are you kidding?
a broken bourbon bottle, likewise with fingerprints.
beloved, in love we cant see anything else.
i cant see the reef, mate.
where is this coming from, lj?
thank you.im actually being serious.
i want to say something to you.
are you sick?
i asked you over a dozen times to get frank to do oprah, and you didnt do it.
hehe started talking nonsense,and then he took off for the orchid.
yeah, as far as i know.
do you think i am?
please, come back in the morning.
think well just hang onto this, if thats okay with you.
hugo said he got hit with some dart.
you probably have a fluid buildup in your bursa sac.
she completes you!
and after you finish, you can go ahead and just shove it up your ass.
jealousy has made me allpowerful
i love fernando to death, but the guys a deadbeat.
were illiterates and ignorant people.
what does the chef have thats new?
this isnt fucking townie hopscotch anymore, doug.
im gonna take it, and youre gonna let me, my friend.
id like to meet you again.
they made you taller.
no. i thought that after three years of working together,
let there be fire!
what color is it?
love the place.
i want to be friends with you, chloe but i dont want to stand between you and clark.
wat do u mean by sayin suhas is not interested in me?
what does that mean, the doctor is fine?
must have been a hell of a nightmare.
and what happened?
do you wish further information on silicon valley?
give or take a few seconds.
entered safely, didnt face any problem, right?
move, move, move, move!
hes gonna be okay.
excuse me. just what the hell is going on here?
well go the roof. theyll pick us up.
man 2 over radio
ive gotten us this far. i said i was gonna get us off the islandall of us.
what,he... banished you?
youre gonna get me in trouble and i need this job.
i promised i wouldnt hurt you, bella.
take him back to horace now, miles.
all right, listen up!
i wish you had another son.
youre wasting your time, man.
ill jump down to my death.
let me see those calluses.
one more game. double or nothing. i cant.
we need to stay where we are so that they can find us.
ill be back in a couple hours.
sure. whats your name?
what makes you say that?
i had to.
did the trick work?
gettin out of dodge.
colonel harrell, ground personnel at crash site one...
but youll do fine.
where are you going?
if that cannibal freak doesnt beat him to it.
aunt calls me fondly.
i have relayed our situation to dr. graiman.
a baby chick eating cracker jacks!
my mother always hated that room.
what the hell is this?
i at least want to hyphenate my name.
look, move out or get crushed.
maybe ill see something else.
who said that?
what did you do?
not holding the knife.
okay, dont laugh, but we stayed up googling premonitions visions, signs, things like that, just to see how much information we could get.
we have a deal, right?
sayid, where areou going?
today, i wrote her a letter.
what time this morning was it that you and your boyfriend arrived?
youre a liar. hes your friend.
it must be nearly finished, man.
youre maniac iraqi buddy shot linus.
i thought hes your uncle.
prepare your men for exfil.
if we all go for the blonde...
aladin. listen to me.
think i felt like a shavetail louie?
eagle one, fox two!
putnam county sheriffs office.
well your research has just paid off.
just try and stay calm.
did she tell you it was?
ok, look, i know youre freaking out right now, and im sorry, but... its gonna get a little worse before it gets better.
you? influence me?
big boy, get your ass down there!
shall i give you another rub?
so go get him back.
im not gonna get into semantics.
and he took me to the river
just trying to keep us together and keep things solid.
consider that my apology.
wait, now youre a tracker?
what about you?
he will always be one of us.
evil, dangerous vermin.
reese, pass mrs. khan the salad.
i dont know if youre aware of this, but ive already changed things.
this is what she does.
oh, im not going all the way back to philadelphia.
before the last flash.
because hes a liar and hes trying to scare us.
a lie isnt a lie if its said for a noble cause..
theyre coming to see the boy and he has brought a girl.
where are you going?
my names charlotte. whats yours?
excuse me, sir, is there a commode?
put the women and children on the sub and get em the hell out of here.
and i get seasick.
this will go on.
if i was a dictator,i would just shoot you and go about my day.
my nerves cant take much more of this.
then, do you accept this proposal of marriage?
multiple victims down.
brians taking over the rome offices.
same in the other bag?
you were right beside me, boone. you know as much as i do.
wait, wait! do you have coconutties?
he says its time to let go.
no wonder they eloped.
im hoping youll get us free passes.
i told her that it was alright, that i wasnt gonna hurt her.
you and turnip head.
are you off your head?
believe in me.
only a fool wont like this flat.
whatd i do?
ive no use for you.
im gonna give you the same answer that ive been giving you for the past four days.
boss, you are joking!
maybe horace blows himself up and lafleur kills us for not waking him.
i know my brotherinlaw well.
i share a bond with this city.
you guys were getting along so well when we were away.
i dont think you did.
mr. jenkins is a very sick man who desperately needs medical attention.
exactly what he said.
yeah. one of my heroes.
come on, read it. read it all.
if he comes back, im gonna kill him.
i dont see anyone.
you know, theyll probably put you somewhere, like, you know, in cleveland or arizona, you know, somewhere safe.
youre funny! just dont come out of that room again!
let me guess. 14j aint the code for the pizza boy.
no, you hit us.
president, let me see too.
okay, dont worry. everythings going to be fine.
take off your shirt.
then let me do it.
and i was right in front of him without my clothes on.
and when you told me about your tattoo.
hi, we met this morning.
didnt see that coming.
well, if we dont bring claire to him?
its closer. give me the damn flare gun.
understand your love is your weakness right now, and they know about it.
i told them i would repair their air conditioner..
youve gotten bigger, i think.
but, this isnt our first time out together. this is serious.
hes just a psychic, claire.
theres only one man in the world..
somebody did this to me?
dear, your dad has given the money for these toys.
mirazs army will not be far behind us, sire.
from now on, ill write two letters a week instead of one.
to that house that you go to.
lets go, guys.
ill speak to him.
you people do whatever you want.
thats not what i meant.
kennedy to lead the governments new agency aimed at slowing ecological breakdown.
youre his cousin.
mba from delhi university.
oh god, that hurts.
i told you it was him.
and then when we do that..
..is in fact passing over earth after a million years.
i wouldnt worry too much about this contract.
you cant. you have to say.  its not safe.
we wanted to protect you.
i want to do great things.
who is asking you to get married?
im their mother!
wow, youre freezing, bella.
... tolaughin yourface.
the hardest thing is telling the girl you love that you like her.
i need to go home, and so do you.
so youre saying wells knows where stagg is?
brother, first kill him.
this girl spoilt everything.  okay.
take care of her, you pathetic piece of shit, or ill take care of you.
what happened, siva?
whats going on?
what makes you think it was real?
if we dont hold back this city...
take his luggage upstairs.
you have to die!
burrows is as good as dead.
see, they learn quick. they adapt.
so, what exactly are you saying?
may your souls take flight and soar with the eagle of the ninth.
i want you to end it today. right now.
were in the middle of a game here.
dont make any noise.
im not interested in retribution or publicity, but amy needs help.
i cant tell him, thats why im asking your help.
and why might we want to do that?
if i can control the bleeding, and if he doesnt go into sepsis, and if i can find some antibiotics, he might be all right.
sure. who are we to argue with taller ghost walt?
i know what hes planning.
and when we destroy it...
uh, this is... this is the vault.
see how i give thanks to mother earth.
thats the clever part.
how do you know he didnt heal you?
you dont need dorian for that.
i dont have to talk you out of coming.
im a pilot.
you sent a team of killers and a boatload of c4 to the island.
sit down, kid.
the jenna thing?
the sun is shining, the tank is clean... and we are getting out...
thats so. your people know youre telling me this?
are the phones not working?
everything will be alright.
you dont have any idea.
now? combined studies with friends.
umm...not good enough.
clark, the kid adores you, why would he lie?
no, but... jacobs thoughts are pretty loud.
maybe youre not a rat at all.
across the delaware.
were on a collision course.
maybe, but i just found all this out in the past couple of days.
thats inside the plane.
well, im afraid the only witness to my whereabouts is the boar that i was skinning for our dinner.
yeah, i know.
i was truly happy back then.
hey, nice speech.
whys a guy who only cares about himself wanna risk his life to save everyone else?
thats what im talking about.
stay on a heading of exactly 305.
yeah, well, im feeling a bit underdressed.
your life is exquisite.
i dont know you!
theyre victorias favorite.
you needed help, and, uh...
thats not what i meant.
oh, anything but a bay breeze.
its not a train, john. it doesnt run on a schedule.
now we will observe from here..
one whos sending out a distress signal for 16 years?
promise me that you and i will always stay the same.
and you have that nature.
how can you read?
were going to oswego, boys.
for how long?
its too late to go back now, hurley.
what did you tell the police?
look, my devi is leaving.
this is helingers old office.
why are you on this boat?
you have a good life here, lex.
what do you mean, theyre together?
im just calling... you know... youre my brother, tommy.
look, here comes nick with our stuff.
of course it isnt here. sighs
thanks to your effort.
youre not going anywhere.
sorry to interrupt.
i thought i knew whitney.
well, victor, maybe i m missing something here.
bharat sweet shop.
whats a garden without guava?
let him keep the gun.
we cant be so naive as to think nothing can happen to us.
havent seen one of those in 20 years.
what was that all about?
he couldve gone anywhere to commit suicide.
well, im still here, clark. im not going anywhere.
oh, my god. god, i hate nature!
is everything alright?
take my hand.
they aint my people, hoss.
youre the one.
..from the 6th of the students of the asian countries.
one of the bombers might have more luck.
or, you know what? why dont you yell at me right here
oh my god. again fate, destiny.
that verified what the national transportation safety board had long feared,
give him the shot.
are you scared? its okay. look, theres nothing wrong with being scared.
i feel like my heart is shivering.
a sizeable and fatal heart attack.
daddy cant save you this time, lex.
otherwise, hell behead you.
gregs got her.
im sorry, rizvan.
mals gonna be down there.
lets do somethin... really special.
logically, i would have to say no.
then it will laugh.
look at me. look at me.
what you got?
this will reduce the swelling until i get a splint.
so black cloak?
hes in insurance.
we can hear each others thoughts.
better late than never, right?
you take something out of a suitcase and that makes it yours?
everything else is someone elses problem.
i dont know you.
i like it.
suicide in my hotel..
but im the doctor.
im not going anywhere with you.
you left out a key piece of information, didnt you?
thanks for telling me.
listen to me!
thats when they told me i could have no family.
i guess they couldnt wait to see you.
but i literally cant.
and, no matter what, its still gonna be me and you.
this is gusteaus?
im just a frightened old man.
where did it go?
youll talk to him, sayid.
and she wanted me to stop by here and talk to you first, you know, in case you got mad...
oh you know more than books?
come on go now.
jeremy, you need to stop this.
papa doesnt sleep properly..
toby cavanaugh got into a fight with ben over emily.
and dont bother thanking me, but he was totally down for that beer, dude.
caught his wife in bed with some golf pro. greased them both.
frank took em up in the helicopter. what do you mean,they took off?
no charge. here.
naturally, the stench was foulest in paris... for paris was the largest city in europe.
okay, whats the first thing you can remember?
some people are just supposed to suffer.
well, they havent come since you put him in there.
you wanted to see me, lex?
i must thank you for everything.
they do this all the time.
are you sure about that, bella?
do you have to go?
and i can help you.
no, i didnt and you want to know why?
someones gonna have to look after the town while im gone.
jacks good at keeping secrets.
packing your stuff.
work some magic.
philly falzone liquidated everything.
i was just...thinking about you.
what do we do now?
am i your sons pa?
he said that was the only way you would give it to him.
your fathers very disappointed with you, lex.
do you think he has come from bandar?
like, hard or soft shell, baby?
i have no idea who you are.
higher, daddy! i hate you!
i will never love anyone else.
just put me in a car.
i cant jeopardize that.
baba keeps it secret from everyone.
it still wouldnt kill you to drive more slowly. why?
what is your plan tonight?
that and that.
hes hitting on shannon.
victory is ours!
sayid, where are you going?
im gonna... hit you with it...
thats the other thing. he never shut up.
i cant understand the route youre going.
your wife had an affair.
yes, im a villain.
i envy you.
when did you start sleeping with a bottle of scotch by the bed?
im lucky to be alive.
..and then ill get alu.
whats going on up there?
i was thinking i would help him out. finally get out of here.
what do you think happened to kyle?
coworkers. thats rich!
no, no, no, come on, stay.
i see you, wayne.
theyre gonna kill you.
we gotta go there.
were in big trouble.
..no students should interact with each other after 8 pm.
they, my lord?
this isnt what it looks like.
i want patrol.
sorry to bother you, maam.
aare its a very complicated story n it is without subtitles u cant understand... ignore it..ignore it where are we going?
next thing you know, ill be joining the pompom brigade.
when i look the other way to avoid him..
theyre in the air.
ill talk him into coming back.
you talk like a police officer i came here to talk peace
well hold her tight...
can you feel my hand on the back of your neck?
try to understand. i have to go.
chandus spoon... silver uncle...
fish are friends, not food.
youre emotionally involved. let me handle the weapons.
pleasure to meet you.
im sorry to say, sun, but...
you can do this, man. you can do this. 7... 1... 776 776.
my dear little friend.
and im saying this to you.
and never look back on now
i just dont want you getting involved with justin because youre mad at me.
youre gonna get hurt.
give all of the gold to the workers so that this will be done.
the same person thats gonna shous how to get back to the island.
youre supposed to be cleaning up.
i have answers.
such a marine could provide the intel i need, right on the ground.
rufus is the leader of his gang, with eudes, clotaire and me.
and i said i couldnt tell you.
but i probably shouldnt tell edward,
no, not me.
theres still love there, i think.
oh, yeah. libby says hi.
well behead them.
so youre a painter?
why are you driving rash?
i know your brother will kill me if he comes to know this.
is a big financial week for this town. im gettin too old for this were not liying to mum.
okay, keep going.
on the new moon night, with a human sacrifice keep a corpses skull near the head of the girl.
are you challenging me?  bum on fire.
i wish i was sister, why did u interrupt in between?
and, actually, everyones being really mature about it. oh.
soldier, get me your commanding officer.
well, he used to hang but he aint never been alright.
see no need
so you can put it in your report?
not for immunity, not for money, not for anything.
so sign here.
he wont suspect you.  blow lands
can you count?
theres nothing says you gotta play it right away.
well take everything that made death match a hit, combine it with everything we have at our disposal.
it stole my documents.
sir, let me lead them.
you mean yes yes?
daniel, wheres charlotte? shes not here.
he wiped out all the gangs.
is that enough?
you are not gonna die. im gonna fix this, okay?
peoples lives are at stake. what will you do about it?
do one thing, plan what you should buy with that 100 rupees.
i was 100 convinced that he wasnt on the plane.
yeah, no i have kind of..
ive done everything you wanted me to do.
if your life was so perfect, whyd you sign it away to rumpelstiltskin?
it should depend only on your belief.
i had a theory and it was false. i was totally upfront with clark about it.
its a wonderful day.
and an honorable discharge because of your wounds.
it does not appear so.
but now im losing it because of narsing.
..your kids wouldve heard it.
ever since i can remember,
butt. all right.
maybe i should just accept my destiny.
i know i... i have a lot of explaining to do.
we cant just sail out on any course.
today were gonna be making movie history.
you only have to say so.
brain is the king of all human body parts.
oh, no, his are very much alive.  no... very much.
what do i know?
..their marriage reception party..
well, maybe youre one of them milk chickens.
that i am.
thats a different tree.
so were not going to school?
have a nice life.
what did it do?
all roads lead here?
you okay, andy?
all right, we gotta keep pressure on this one.
this is the los angeles police department.
were businessmen now.
and so, the kingdom was in disarray.
clark kent, this is victoria hardwick, a very old friend.
whoever enters that house or even passes through its shadow gets trapped by the curse.
i gave you this watch
and i wanna do more of that.
any word from naomi?
have you written a complaint about him?
you cant do this...
but after a while is like,
yeah, but see, theres the problem. i dont trust your word.
he said you just have to face it.
cause when we dont, our customers arent happy.
so, where were we?
its just so fast, you know?
you hear me?
not yet. but they will when they find out who i am.
with all my caseload, and kate and i got engaged.
his fight with someone, or else personal enmity.
the intruder, the newborn army,
who knows if its even real?
yeah,i got it.
youre missing the movie.
when lex gets involved, things usually turn out badly.
and, you, stop acting like a vegas bookie picks your dates.
so, maybe we can get something for him.
as it turned out that somebody was me.
you may make your bow from the wood of hometree.
the worlds coming to an end!
not with you.
and then youll take our people home?
beeps and boops.
shes always going on about the flow of energy the spirits of animals.
but this new driver drives so slowly..
whats wrong with you?
im just being a good friend.
turn that off, its too bright
lets just get it in the river first... and then well figure it all out, all right?
youre trapped in that little hole of yours.
thats why i came down here.
thought id lay claims to my new digs before somebody else.
my das been getting reports at the station.
do you want our child to be king?
all right, lets hit the fucking road.
youd like that, wouldnt you?
and a great warrior.
which way did they go?
you have some of this fine pie my missus made for you.
what is it you want?
okay. now, thats just not fair.
we close at 9, mozart.
because its never just a dream, is it?
you go home.
and it would have collapsed whether you went out there or not.
where could ive gone?
not me. lts not my ward. not my aisle of the produce section.
youre getting married four days later.
think before asking...
thats okay ive brought two threads.
will the girl ever understand our rituals... our rites?
we must be the good guys.
sun, are you all right?
i hear you, walter.
how did you get this number?
just not ball games?
this is my receipt.
and the supercapacitors were still fully charged.
oh, yeah, so we can end the riots today and start the funeral tomorrow?
he told the military.
i killed all those people for you, and now youre just...
that doesnt sound right. maybe we should go to the hospital.
itll change lives.
thank you for your visit.
its mr. summers at school.
i want you to have it.
how about from the radio tower?
this will give me a chance to get to know your friend mr. locke a little better.
his pictures are missing.
get any kind of look at it?
ive got weird friends yaar one fears and lives..and one idiot..dies and lives!
how about the fact that ive been sleepwalking?
it is done.
she helped us, john.
im trying to get the gun.
dear mr. sawyer...
get back over here!
at midnight, slowly, gradually, i caught a small glimpse.
i barely knew her. barely know her... claire.
no. i will not.
he has forgotten that he has lied to her.
im getting you out of here.
well, its probably because i like you.
let them be. they look nice.
sir, its likely the ring fell off when
were good to go.
are you going with the pessimists or staying here and waiting for the rescue boats?
hes always after me.
thats very privileged information.
one, two, three, breath. and again.
your good time has started again.
youll marry me.
they think you might be a cook.
go on, shoot.
whats the different. they came into the the building and they just snatched him.
im lining all your friends up, right beside you!
im so lucky, prince.
but for you, its going to require that you stop snacking on children while they dream.
im coming for walt. im getting my son back.
nandinis birthday is six days later.
maybe ill just tell them the truth, that you turned me on to them.
we done tunneled into that vault, but there werent nothing in it.
i cant lose him, too.
you should eat some crackers.
hows the new ride?
im alone now.
well, where do you think?
liam, what are you doing?
l love you, mandira.
this is la, man.
thats what happens when you get into business with somebody like lex luthor.
do i look that old to you?
would you rather i had left him alone?
everything go all right?
the rafts full.
because your brother..
relationship with his father is worse than we imagined.
mama where are you going?
i have a soft spot for 13th century skaldic poetry.
dont you worry, chavez.
im just making sure that your father does what hes supposed to do.
wasnt no overdose.
good evening, jesus.
dont start up, ok?
mr president, we have an awac off the west coast.
a little bit of the license plate. ddi.
mustve taken up the tracks.
no, i cant do this.
what do you say, boss?
im going to dance with you, doc!
good to see you, dude.
copy dragon, we are starting our bomb run.
he wants to know what youre doing with the hammer.
..and become legal wife of my tony.
you tell me the truth.
give it tomorrow.
give him some water.  cant you bring it?
turn it off.
i wanted to say goodbye.
and he asked you to come here and give me an envelope full of money?
dont worry. ill get you out of here
perhaps you should go and speak to her.
what should i do now?
do you know what i was doing when i was taken?
when the meal rush comes, what will happen?
hes jinxed, thats his fate.
make sure that steak is nice and tenderized.
you didnt ask anything about him?
i said thats why the red sox will never win the series.
why are you so interested in our family, lex?
my daughter is almost of that age!
lets ask them.
you got a silver star, my brother came home in a box.
u gujrati people are too cute yaar.. but why does your food sound so dangerous?
how dare you, anu?
he figures one afternoon at the museum, hes off the hook for six months.
why to take risk?
what are you gonna say to her to get her to come back?
dboys do their thing now.
im a lot stronger than you think i am
three days before you came down here, before we met,
how are we doing with finding a replacement for parks?
you know i love you.
that while open, provide a route back.
i want to see you just once.
youre vegetarian and shes nonvegetarian.
its called extraction.
thats great, kid!
unless youre the onewhos supposed to save him.
aarush you can explain after you get married.
i fell in love.
if we ask it directions... it could ingest us and spit out our bones!
did you bring me a present?
click, static james, we have a problem. we found a hostile.
that was around 1 a. m.
what did you put in this?
perhaps its time you started to take the long view, begin to appreciate the broad sweep of history.
youre getting bigger every time i see you.
ill give you a hand.
this is insane. you guys are crazy.
a mistake. i shouldnt have come here.
does it strike you that theres an uncanny resemblance... between this young fellow and you as a young man?
realitys not gonna be enough for her now, and when she comes back...
how about no ones in charge, ok?
quorra, there is no choice.
i had a great day today. thank you.
thank god.  really?
you have six more questions.
im coming with you.
wait, what did you say the docket number was?
yes, i moved the guns.
listen to me what i say is..if u go and tell pia about what u feeling then even ill go and tel my dad that i wanna be a photographer..
it was under a local heroes banner.
cant you take back your curse?
i have this nurse thats driving me absolutely crazy.
father! im dead!
i know. its ok.
you want him back out on the street?
ill take you when youre ready to go.
we got to go to the cemetery. now.
quid pro quo!
there someone special in your life, rango?
the truth about your contract to act.
i have to go!
yeah, were really going home.
please be strong.
ive medicine which can make you sing or anyone tougher than you also.
i would know.
i cant see past you and your pack of mutts.
shes never seen them.
mom, its me.
you should not be here, seor.
hello! what was i saying?
..and brought him here forcefully.
he had this thing, like a needle, and he stabbed me with it!
aljazeera will protect us.
his love would be sealed and wed be part of him forever.
but i never told him.
crawl through that?
you may go to office. please.
did his talk scare you?
where do you think they went?
and now you know a little bit about my family but im still not showing you my apartment.
i would have been screwed if you hadnt come along.
forced early retirement, with half benefits.
we get gen pop locked down for a day, youll have all the time you need.
i had to get security to escort your father to his room.
those are a good idea.
think we would have made it?
perfect flowers for a perfect date.
dont you know what this is?
its what separates our species.
until then, you can stay and look for the rest of your crew.
if someone came, why is it still playing?
no, hes bashing up our boys.
in modern times, a sword in the chest might seem a little extreme something more subtle would be in order.
im working on that.
i have the first congruency.
answer the question, miss walsh.
do you know who this is?
dont make me sorry i ever included you in the first place.
my husband came here to take a job as head of security for comtron.
i promise you, honey.
shes taking a bath.
my condolences, sir.
its good hes back on board, but he thinks im a scoun too.
to turn on the springs of joy... in a culmination... of my dreams... in the ecstasy of your embrace
they never did anything to you.
you scared, you scared see you get low
you have no idea who youre dealing with.
my little brother...
whatever their real agenda is its clear theyre not sharing it.
hes arranging a funeral.
stop treating me like a kid.
i dont understand. why do you still have it?
no ones going to tell them anything.
investigations reveal that organs have already been harvested from these girls.
this is a rule.
give us another chance.
remember what happened to minkowski?
its settling directly over us.
inside here youll find the account and wire routing numbers of a bank account in the cayman islands.
so many pressure will come in life... then everytime will you blame other for that?
ill put a bullet in her head right now.
he forgot to take the change...
andy dufresne who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side.
so, youre going to arm the prisoners.
tell him well give him an extra basis point.
which one is ghajini?
what do you have?
are you leaving it alone?
my king,your lover,
this photo was taken by the local fishermen who found them.
lets talk after that.
all right, one second.
now dont you think your fear is a small price to pay?
cool hat, dude.
do you want to tell me whats really going on here?
will you retaliate if he touches you?
stop it now and go to sleep...
this is your only chance.
frank, our engine blocks overheated.
dear, this colour will suit you.
maybe you two werent destined to be together.
youre not like melissas usual boyfriends.
can i see your water?
..reconstruction of these towns..
dont tell me to calm down! somebody came and took my boy out of here?  i know.
jack. i gotta talk.
pick a shape, an animal, anything.
what are you looking at, come on.
papa thinks hes a millionaire.
i had very strong feelings for meredith,
mi amor. do you have a question?
you better hope you do.
juliet 64, this is chalk four!
most days it is my own business.
i will be hoping that this letter finds you and finds you well.
,and the moments most important to you were not gone, not dead,
whats happened, michael?
ive told him he no longer has anyone to fear.
yes its high and its why because ofyou.
come to attapur cement factory.
i didnt believe it was structurally sound.
what makes you think its a tumor?
trying to be a great tiger before me!
its not mine.
you want me to go undercover?
anyway, it was a nice revenge.
to play cards.
it looks that way.
and im gettin desmond to let me in one way or another.
you seem like a smart kid.
this is ridiculous!
hey, maybe if i get drunk enough ill remember where i know you from.
thats what makes them interesting.
could this be a ploy to get my attention?
we gotta make a decision sooner or later, you know.
no, she helped me make those changes.
what are doing with the gun?
i took out a bit of a life insurance policy, ben.
oh, and please confirm the vegan meal, ok?
keep breathing like that. thats perfect. good job.
im thinking of doing a solo project.
why are they after you?
no. its my mothers coat.
i wanted to talk to you about what happened this afternoon.
you know, jack, they found some chloroform at the medical station.
kid, i dont know what theyve been feeding you but that was pretty impressive.
where were we, hon?
you have taken all that away from me... everything.
drop the phone, lady.
ok, ill do as you say.
i wouldve followed your advice.
her name was joanna.
i see it, but i dont believe it.
should have realized at the time that it was pointless, but...
two years ago... what...?
i wish you get your lmmy.
you so stupid youre gonna let him walk out that front door?
that doesnt mean anything.
get out of my house.
i can promise you nothing.
well, then, we both want something only you have a lot more to lose.
no, i wasnt.
the plane was perched in the canopy?
we must get into the palace.
her heart became too big for its own good.
i was hoping youd explain dominics visit.
ill see you tonight.
i was thinking about setting up some kind of trust fund for my kids educations.
now, well decide with life and death.
i know it sounds kind of crazy but i feel that whatever tangible evidence i have of my parents existence is slowly being chipped away.
either you take me live or i tell your wife everything.
look what youve accomplished.
how do you spell nuala?
why are you saying our?
were trying to find a connection in these deaths.
if theres even a chance that jin is alive,
what happened to you?
whats this bhattu?
sun can never find out what i did to her.
im getting you out of here.
just give me the word.
a little chum for chum, eh?
clark, love isnt about playing it safe, its about risks.
then youre not gonna find one with him.
hear me out right quick, all right?
doesnt matter what i am.
its too hot to land a bird. you must secure the perimeter first. over.
i cant see shit!
its cattle, most likely.
how long until the bridge is finished?
thats where youre wrong.
will you let him do anything for money?
but steer clear.
so, this is hell?
i think you could use a drink.
no. i found it.
i know a couple of members i can convince, and i dont need a unanimous decision.
seeing as you put two bullets in my brothers chest.
ill call in the morning.
does it feel jammed in the front every time you pile?
no problem, boss.
you havent worked in months.
forget it now, ill take care of the rest.
that one on the refrigerator just kills me.
seeing whos coming back.
nina, everything all right?
wont i have a pot belly?
you didnt come to my dance program because of him, right?
does that make any sense to you?
you and locke leaving before sunrise and coming back after dark during the last four days.
nell told me she saw you come out here.
both of us killed him.
were late for dinner.
she works for the president.
sir, weve come to meet rahul.
i guess dinner is over!
i remember you.
you have no idea how tight im bound.
all right, everyone. now its your turn.
oh, no! come on! i cant believe this.
i never experienced this feeling before.
you got him, guys?
you should have just told me.
even if locke has your friend, you cant waltz in there and grab her.
how could you know it?  experience!
this means war!
you think this is the only part of it thats true?
it doesnt matter what happened, or why.
your buddy ran off into the jungle.
you shouldnt have come back
if theres a way for you and jin to be together again,
hes a good kid.
i want off this island too, but we know thats not gonna happen soon.
were you scared?
you will see it again.
john has schizophrenia.
i spent nine years honing my skill while you hid in the woods because you were afraid.
then why are you sitting out here?
jacks running late.
take a breath. cough it up.
i feel like slapping you.
im sure there are people who can handle it temporarily.
youre the kings and queens of old?
i need all flight crews to report to their designated areas immediately.
and of course, your band was bloody awful.
for centuries i have stood by and watched the havoc my sons have brought upon each other and upon humanity
im not kidding.
i buried it.
but is my job to protect you.
theres so many different options.
he had to teach.
i dont know how you can be so confident.
i just wanted to take care of you.
holloway that kind of says it all, doesnt it?
make no mistake, once youre in the bakara market...
..and bought it back for 200.
what, youre on his side now?
it had your names on it.
and i apologize.
during the autopsy.
when i talk, is it like dog barking?
hes always joking.
dont worry, im gonna take real good care of you, mr dylan.
look, we need to find the rest of the people from the plane.
all we got to do is cover them.
should we call the police?
just one moment with her
your mother died earlier this year in a hospital.
my name is john locke.
after all, shes a royal.
we could settle down here, and you could have a blessed life.
three weeks, give or take.
hes not my type!
we got to find a fish that can read this.
i need them.
im, uh... you know, the sight of blood is,..
if i didnt have so many wives..
were living on the edge.
but i have other reasons for grounding you.
you shouldve seen radzinsky do this.
thas carlisles car.
how can i say i love you without loving her?
whats your name?
nothing to go to court with.
jeff, can you tell us where the chase started?
thats how you show him whos boss.
and we agreed to settle things
well, heard monsters.
sit at the table.
we were talking about the early days.
i dont understand.
man over p.a. monica hernandez, your party is ready in postop.
look, i think you have me confused with some other talking donkey.
see you tomorrow?
dont open that door.
whats he saying?
so can i ask one thing?
i think we should be firm.
grandfather, hiram. father, jonathan.
some of the great monks can meditate for four days.
when someone finds true love..
to the walls, to the walls.
who said anything about getting it back?
clark, you sure that you
ive just heard youre going extinct!
to leave me with my keys in the ignition and my doors open?
take a big wet bite out of my ass is what.
please dont harm my son.
my boyfriends having orthopedic surgery.
the rewards 23,000.
parcher its time for you to get back to work.
i have no wifi signal.
i already got my boys committed elsewhere.
im gonna go to go to the bathroom, and then im gonna go out, outside.
it means youre ready to rejoin society
we know what these british saw in us.
shes down there.
the shuttle will pick you up at the motor pool... this is what im doing back here.
kate, what the hell are you doing out here?
i look like a troll.
weve united many.
if you drill even 1 centimeter further, you risk releasing that energy.
its already being evacuated, and we cant let 777 make it to stanton.
on the way where?
youre on the stage tomorrow.
im just looking for the path to water.
i guess you never know when your times up.
we kill him.
but he only appears to those who have undertaken an epic quest!
captain ther is a medical emergency a passenger has just fallen down on the aisle delhi air india 11 returning to medical emergency
who exactly are you?
raju bhai...someones here for you.
my father killed her before the legionaries broke through.
its stained and frayed in such distinctive ways.
the older boys explained it to me.
im looking at a 250,000 fine and five years in jail.
,that any logical reasons can be found,
thats third street. the dance studio...
hes a better liar than you.
look, i dont know what the hell your problem is but you do not want to tick me off right now.
the television said they started looting. vultures.
not one word.
if he gives you any more trouble, let me know.
i want to know if coach walt supplied the players with the tests.
you mother just... she has problems... and im gonna talk to her.
cooper, put the gun down.
we have a little problem,
you cant open that thing up.
just a second, honey.
then his body will shut down one piece at a time.
vasu, im alive!
at least 200 feet novak
quiet down, fish! down, boy! we did it!
open your bag.
locke found, uh... a hatch in the ground about a half mile from here.
when i get in there, you are in for a world of pain!
will you put into my eyes?
they said that the guy in the photo doesnt exsit.
we just have to finish it.
general zhao was killed in battle and my brother has become a traitor.
i got it down here.
rahul, this is wrong.
then a very clever fellow built this pendulum
he is in custody  good i imagine heads would have been rolled if he hadnt been caught lives would have been lost how about you hand that back to me?
you go back to your apartment?
not another word.
and what language is that?
and we found those handcuffs.
heatseeking missile has been activated.
once we can get them all in the same place...
what the hell are you doing?
yeah, a bit wobbly, but, uh, ill live.
i have to get him to the hospital.  no.
and found it splendid!
oh, youre a doll.
theres always an alternate.
youre not even close to being done, my friend.
eieino! thats what i said.
take this. sign here.
d for donkey next week, ill be signing a multimillion dollar deal with phunshuk wangdu!
the last thing i need now is paranoia.
why are you so interested in richard, john?
howd you know there were two of us?
im old enough.
i just close my eyes and i learn everything.
its only natural for the brain to reach for something, anything, to grab onto.
dont you feel suffocated?
its just a ball. come on.
i hope, wherever he is, hes doing okay and making new friends.
hey, beezus, ive been looking for you.
the day you busted the haitian,
i know vinnie and his boys are a bit green, but what my nephew lacks in experience, he makes up for with enthusiasm.
and apparently there was also some paperwork that you didnt fill out in time.
im sorry, mr. carlisle, but im afraid i cant help you.
answer the stripe question.
which is also our secret.
the first time, i thought i was hallucinating. then it happened again.
you know how much that costs?
nice enough fella.
i got it.
pick up the phone, janet.
all of it.
no, should it?
watch your step, please, as you board the aircraft.
i have your father.
what do you want?
this isnt a game, man.
we need some damn music in here.
find a happy place! find a happy place!
clark, is that you?
im sleeping next to a beautiful, young brunette.
hey, helen, wait.
this should all fit you.
aakhri pasta, what kind of a name is that?
okay, as soon as arthurs music kicks in, just use the defibrillator to revive him.
use the vehicles as cover.
by day, one way, by night another.
theyre like locusts.
hiding my familys unfortunate history
i thought i heard 23.
that jeep is my pride and joy.
guess thats gonna shake up our class election.
just hold it right there.
im not an obstetrician.
can we go to the caf or something?
ah, forget my lawyer.
whatever he is paying you, ill double it
o my god. call the doctor quickly.
do you wanna go home?
i would assume, then, that youd be wellversed in how our governments tax system works.
before tonight, i mean.
youll regret it
as if you are any better!
what happened to my sweet girl?
there our system will blossom!
im crazy for him!
now can we go to hotel sir?
this is an amazing place. my dad built it.
he pins his hopes on a yes from you, its why he sent his men to you.
thats right, because i am capable of making those...
attention all drivers.
his parents died when he was young.
youre getting to the good part.
charlie, he just took off.
ill give u the address..
im not scared of you
so, whats next?
we arm up, were just as likely to shoot each other as we are one of them.
your exile seems a bit more comfortable than i remember
ah, it might be a little bit more complicated than that.
identify yourself as a hostile.
you may be thickskinned, but what about your mother?
you guys coming?
and... do you want walnut?
im in here...!
i think theyve been taken.
something that doesnt involve any biting, or nipping, or running up and down my body with your little rat feet.
i like! ..  !
its like castesystem sir! ..
a friend who told me to do this for zahraa, just so you could find some woman that you love?
while im touched by that hallmark moment you dont get points for subtlety in journalism.
this is the lake victoria sherrifs department,
help me get out of here.
you got a problem, michael?
you said madras, right?
doesnt look like the type.
only question is, how do we get out?
mary lovely nurse came in to prep him.
and i need that hearse to take me and that coffin to a cemetery. why, chrissy?
its just a headache.
you heading out, jim?
im fairly certain i said id kill you if i ever saw you again.
you surprised me.
yo, badge, i gotta use the phone!
this is dispatch.
now, i need to meet him now.
im not pinocchio!
what happens if we cant deactivate the bomb?
so, im asking as a brother the way you asked me.
we have to be consistent with them!
but to put our daughters life in the hands of this... person?
just tell her i was...
uh, i dont know.
you want to go after the queen bee herself?
why would i do that?
just erase number 4. and if anyone asks, im off the grid.
i know what to do.
i made a mistake.
you want to name all of them right now?
this is your idea.
youre gonna be ok.
she likes older men, guys that can take care of her.
and a quick kiss goodbye.
you scared, you scared
theres no way theyd derail it now.
dont soften me by showing me their good side
i just need to call him.
you two arent getting engaged tomorrow..
will you tell him i love him?
come on, pretty, we a team now.
what are you doing?  sorry, i thought it was free.
should i have told you your mother was unhappy?
i am very sorry, i am very sorry.
you going out?
hi, emily. mrs. locke, its good to see you. how is he?
then ill get along very well with him.
what the hell are you doin? aargh!
thats not the point.
sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
youwereright. this book is special.
well, i tried writing.
daves the most normal person in this place, man.
i am really sorry about everything!
but like a waiter, right?
we could broadcast blind, hope that someone, maybe a ship somewhere picks up our distress call.
havent you ever had a happy birthday?
but how did he come to know about us?
he thinks cause im new to australian law that im some yokel.
i asked him what was going on.
the evidence was cooked.
instead of taking responsibility for it, he just put it on fate.
dont you dare touch me.
i dont know, but something on this boat is broadcasting.
..and im scared now.
you know that, right?
yeah, im cool with you going in alone, too.
how do i drop you without gravity?
i even tried to burn it.
thats why this party.
hes just institutionalized.
well, you know how anxious i get when you come around the inmates.
well get him when hes alone.
chant from the heart.
so they are seated in the last..in a corner atleat they r sitting in a corner now..if they continue being with u, next year theyll be out of the photo itself!
ive decided to drop out of the election.
check if your mothers locket is there or not.
it was my decision to send out the patrol.
about what happened between you two.
i never trusted this guy.
now i cant shut you up.
a mans about to walk out of the jungle.
how dare you beat my man in my home?
shes been through a trauma.
no.  well, just let us know when you do.
you and sawyer took ben out to them.
their heads, made of plastetic.
this cant be our project.
im coming along on this endeavor whether you like it or not.
where can i find him?
taking personal capital gains under the churchs tax shelter... well, that would be fraud, wouldnt it, your excellency?
you got a better idea?
there could be lots of other people.
alpha zulu six eight niner, standing by.
i dont know. he saw that news report about jenna and suddenly had to run.
i never knew him until now.
a week after, youll experience shortness of breath that wont go away.
there must be a better route!
leonards numbers, right?
this isnt just about eyehand coordination out there you know.
i dont have to take that from you.
through a black hole?
they would never do that.
oh, eddie, youre up, man.
ok, you just have to focus, margaret. just focus.
i need your help.
looks like you.
would you bring me some?
plain chatter. i could only listen on.
there were three lastminute addons.
that i can destroy you at.
push.... keep quiet..im unable to push rancho, see if crowning is happening?
you have a sore throat.
any chance you could give an old lady a hand back to her room?
come on, jodi, you couldnt hurt a...
i understand, but the soccer game ran late, and its girls night out tonight first time in months, and im so looking forward to this.
it was pretty weird.
ive heard of fire man, iron man, whats this dog man?
since when did we go public?
this is no circus.
and then he killed himself, too.
yeah. him and his cult.
dont touch anything!
so, did you guys get much sleep?
hes out of town.
all my books here are my friends.
you were rocking.
and clearly it hasnt told you where jacob is, or you wouldnt need richard to show you.
what does he do to fear so much?
how was your obgyn in sydney?
anu, its too late.
i hate it.
are you blaming me for the suicide of joy?
stay out of my peripheral vision!
dont wear wet pant kid?
i think it was greg arkin.
get away, get away!
ten men held onto me and dragged me away
we fought them and defeated them.
shes following me everywhere.
ill call you immediately on seeing her.
who said i wanted to be your friend...?
you and claire are close, and you spend a lot of time with aaron.
the massage lady is here
i wish he would just die already.
youre making him sound crazy.
yeah, dude, im fine.
everyone loves you now.
i dont have any idea what you must be going through.
was my right hook too subtle for you?
it must have transferred your powers somehow.
youre saying yes and no, tell me yes or no.
she absolutely believes that everything thats happening is real.
he should have.
im not doing this for me.
now press execute.
thats when i discovered who he is. from delhi to bombay, he talked nonstop.
thanks so much for coming.
or are you suggesting that we ask this boy to go against aslan now?
looks like the kid we saw in the beanery.
thats my car!
whole towns perforated with them.
where are you going?
so where do we go from here?
i think hes ashamed. baby cries
i was in a hurry to start teaching my little brother new things.
this is business, lana.
ever since his dad died i cant let him out of my sight.
owen, i want you to get that crap out of your head, okay?
but look at this.
actually, im not sure.
no, no dont hug me, dont hug me, no.
at the looking glass station till friday.
not bad, john. not bad at all.
youre looking lost.
he talks too much!
my name is bill harford.
and someday, hopefully, youll be more.
then we move to safer waters.
shit, the heats gonna be coming down now.
and your frenchwoman, shes just like laurent, cause she wrote them over and over again.
here, the harder you work, the more successful you get.
i can smell it.
you didnt tell me to hold it open.
coach obsessed with winning his 200th game helps bonehead players pass test to secure his position in the pantheon of highschool sports.
were going north.
i guess because henry didnt like me.
what do you mean?
youre telling us were under house arrest?
no city like it. what i really want to show you
you want position or name?  i want both.
where is mr sanjay singhanias flat?
then, priya, consider that..
tomorrow ill pay and take car.
hes with your friends.
youre good looking, right?
i used to hate my dad, too. yeah?
smack his ass.
theres no way youre hitting it that far.
i need light to follow him.
hi, aunt bea.
i really, really, really think we should swim through.
its slowing down, sir.
down! stay down!
he realized that all his life... he had been a nobody to everyone.
whyd you do that?
dug out this temporary shelter.
clark, im not exactly psyched about having to fight my way through the high school hierarchy all over again.
up until about two months ago when he was incarcerated.
have you talked to him about it?
we gotta move now!
does this have anything to do with club zero?
i dont get that much even if i chant hymns for an hour.
hey you fool! look there!
i am not your prey!
its not about where.
secondly, i wouldnt know about the fighting, so dont ask.
then well both be majors children. think about it.
..than most people with aspergers.
how exactly would you know this, sayid?
that she needed to wake up to come back to reality that in order to get back home we had to kill ourselves.
commit this list of periodicals to memory.
no,let him go. let him go.
dont say it.
fire up the troops!
straighten up, straighten up, i said!
i dont know. just got a bad feeling like when you can smell the air change before a storm.
no big deal.
its something, isnt it?
i believe you now.
what a happy surprise!
were not gonna give up yet.
yemi was a great man, a priest, a man of god, and because i betrayed him, he was shot and died.
yeah, well, you didnt have to, dougy.
well, then this should be easy.
ill have to turn around for departure.
thanks for the shot, doc.
and when hes good, man is rarely happy.
we are not bad people!
this trouble had to come during election time.
youve given your son, what else can be greater than it?
tried to find your graduation speech, but they didnt print it.
is this your mother?
then i went to the garage, hooked a hose from the tailpipe stuck it inside the car, the car kept stalling.
hey, hugo. heres your meds.
a little work.
you know what you people are nobodys best friends.
check it out!
but someday you will realise..
hows your head?
do you know him?
how can i put it? lets say this apple is you.
your dad has been dead a long time.
whats the combination?
let anyone play game with anyone, ill be the winner at last.
the one for whom i brought her, has fled.
well need to start you on a higher run of insulin shocks and a new medication.
why has he put a maze on his skin?
its 1000 rupees currencies.
you made it.
no one else knows how to stop him.
you said you love me, without my knowledge you love my friend too, are you living with her now without our knowledge?
i cant believe i let her down.
all right. thanks, guys.
werent you saying something on the phone?
no, no, no, thats okay.
its the only way it could have got there.
look here and here.
we are finished totally.  shut up.
what do you think, freckles?
it crashlanded back in the 50s.
chopper 43, over and out.
because you are always with me...
thank god bhairav singh saw him at station..
so, children, what are you doing today?
come on, priya, come off it.
what were you doing in lexs bedroom?
i can assist you
hell dance with aunt pinky.
aare..quit engineering..n become a wild life photographer!
the faith my company has placed on me, on us, is extraordinary.
yeah, i know. its very good.
i have the same doubts you do.
one of those must have been the murder weapon.
you need to get em in there tight, and you need leverage to get em on the rails.
do you want tea or not?
hes talking about erasing everything thats ever happened to us,jack.
should we get dressed?
and to save everybodys lives.
bryan, we need to talk.
he talked to a dragon spirit who he thinks can help us.
sayid is my nephew.
youre so desperate to figure out what to do next,
really, im all right.
you should have told me.
im here to tell you that youre being considered for the nobel prize.
shes holed up in the elysian fields projects.
can i try them?
year 1862, when chandangarh attacked madhavgarh.
this ones from emmett.
got saved because i dont know hymns, else i wouldve cursed you.
then set up a meeting with falzone.
why do you think i requested it?
and ranjha found heer without any help?
maybe im crazy now. i guess thas okay.
and that aint so good.
you were in tears while asking me.
...what if they hit me back?
even i remember him.
heres what you need to do, kate keep your mouth shut and stop asking questions.
im gettin mad, man. you understand?
look, rafts full. we need four, we got four. look, rafts full.
tomorrow we gonna hit the highsea and i am going to take out my sunseeker.
why would you do that?
after all ive done to you  striking you, shocking you
this si white, i mean your sister.
wait a minute! i thought mammoths were extinct!
excuse me sir!
i couldnt see you in the audience.
you guys go back to the beach. ill catch up sooner or later.
could you give me a hand?
i dont know, were just...
grace is dying.
let the bastard plunge screaming into the jungle i could kill you foryourwife
fiftyfour thousand five hundred and one dollars and thirtyeight cents.
washed the spider out.
this is simple.
grant me an audience.
it was filled with commandos whose only mission was to get him.
open this door!
in bellas voice gran, id like you to meet...
well, you gotta go where the work is.
dont be late, frank.
you know, casual.  casual.
look, theyre probably just some weird coincidences.
yep. so, uh, why wasnt the boot still on his foot?
hahahha ooo here come pandit learning engineering
go,go to her, my legs are pestering me,
two cars back?
do you know what that means, professor?
billy wants me to read now.
right in front of the chem lab.
alicia i want a copy of this.
and whats that sad, humiliating, pathetic?
no more games. no more lies.
eudes says he wants to be a bandit.
and jins fine.
its starting to fall down too fast.
i want to thank you again.
no worries, man.
bella, is edward. he thinks youre dead.
its my life.
mom said not to let go of your hand.
must be a reason she quit on us.
i just... lets just think about this for a minute.  she knows.
if we need three sticks to blow the hinge, then we should bring six.
where were you?
because theyre my friends, and they used to be yours.
claire. all they wanted was claire.
i thought if we never talked about that night again,
something like that.
im just more used to screwing up than you are.
breathing heavily i gotta go.
the evidence says you did.
okay, ben. you got it.
you chose to marry the girl,
i told you id take care of you.
no, you cant.
and shoot me in the pond?
thats not what i was thinking about. i was thinking, why did he get sick? why?
dont worry. i dont keep track of the time.
what are you so weirded out about?
you are neither flesh nor blood.
why dont you hit the dq down the street?
they gave me a test.
the note has holes.
well spread in different directions..
im going to the dance with you not by default, but because i want to.
we must divert his attention when he opens it.
we got it covered.
look, i didnt mean to ambush you with the whole adoption agency thing.
hows it going with shephard?  hes with us.
his trouser is dirty.
she wont need to change you.
stow this in the crew luggage compartment in front.
we made these reservations over six months ago.
grandfather went there you did... so did bhaiyya...
a salvage vessel recovered it from the bottom of the ocean.
what the fuck do you care, new fish?
no, i will.
ive to tell you something important about my life.
its nice it was with someone you still care about.
i love her.
your kings and queens have failed us.
men have to stick it every place they can...
the earth has been salted so that nothing can grow.
youre planning on dropping out.
what the hell are you doing?
bernard is fine. i know it.
its not like we keep them laying around.
but they got sawyer and juliet.
and that man thought the smallest sin would be..
i take large steps and i dont want none of you hayseeds getting your bodily fluids on my boots!
i ran out of money.
be careful with it.
let go of me! i have got to save shrek!
hi, mrs. kushner.
if you let everybody go, ill take you to level 3.
it makes the fun parts funner and the scary parts scarier.
for my whole life.
i picked it up. a voice kept repeating, code 14j.
mr. rock n roll cocky as hell.
my baggage got exchanged with someone elses at the airport.
if your friend didnt run off, eko would still be here now, wouldnt he?
of course, thats why im here.
do you telugu too?
you so much as flinch, and youre dead.
my mom say we gotta wait till you get out.
thats her. thats natalie.
ooh! a show. i like shows.
and i see you have made a list of some of your personal achievements. thank you for that. i love reading.
in fact you are extraordinary.
he came to kill us.
i got it.
marriage is 10 days away,
its not detailed but no details.
satellite controlled stealth weapon youve been waiting for years is ready.
where is your girl friend?
please take me to him.
how do i look?
aleya says d is going to take you far away...
hes your leader, right?
i believe you called it the hatch.
hey, charioteer, stop there!
i know youre here.
why did you come here?
i can barely hear as it is.
shall i tell him and get you killed?
im chalu chaplin, driver of happy club.
please, just stop whoevers at my dads house.
how about for an old friend?
shadowgrove circle... 302 shadowgrove circle.
sure you can, if you know how the system works.
its so cool...!
uh, sure. okay.
whats the matter?
get out of my country.
its a 150 hectares property..ill blow off ur heads and bury u in a corner..nobody will get to know! ..
password, or i cant let you in.
we have vodka and take care of business, huh?
surrender now! im taking you in!
what do you think happened to her?
all right, but just remember something.
you seem to be doing all right with juliet.
no, linda, im sorry, i really cant right now.
chavez  this is it?
i cant override the emergency system.
our dads dead.
i went to northwestern.
,we block each other,
i need an architect whos as good as i was.
you call this guy a bounty hunter?
let me check it out before you move things.
why did you come here?
presently we are going in a train. travelling together.
the path of a man who knows where hes going.
but you came down to punishing him.
this is no longer a missing persons investigation.
wait till you see the night sky.
nobody saw or heard anything?
you get that?
it means we still have 15 days.
geography. the rivers of france.
there she is.
were supposed to mortgage our houses?
without any evidence.
youre a fucking little whore!
i dont understand this. im reporting a crime.
you know that, right?
hey, get the vehicles.
my mom wants me to put together, like, a scrapbook full of memories.
ltll be a little late for that.
kent, what happened up there?
one who wanted to stay here.
im not saying that he left you.
i can help your friend.
you did it to yourself, victoria.
shes on the path heading back to the caves.
the whole thing is a setup!
its hard when everyone knows your tragedy. they treat you differently.
what can i do?
send my hooves to my mama!
like the sign says.
get the fuck off me!
i mean,she left him.
the one you dont fuck with.
and then the mojitos.
you can come on holiday to berlin if you like, when everybodys getting on with each other again.
brown bag on my desk.
you should have let me go the first time, clark.
oh, no, no, no, no.
i just want you to ask him...
i have someone looking after him.
my hope is you wont object.
you are a doctor, john, and no.
take her down.
wheres mike traceur?
you just do it for a country, so you dont have to admit you like it.
get me the phone!
..and you are stuck with a frog?
because you dont want to be a slave.
what if he has to settle for something that he hates... because of... us?
kent, are you all right?
he tried to kill our son.
we must be crazy!
i am surprised.
is my husband.
okay.  is a little crazy.
your wife, where is she?
take my hand and ask me to be yours forever
get people out!
the work is already done.
ill figure something out.
come on. lets go.
along the coastline, a wall of wind,
actually, richard, it did.
i have shirts with buttons.
okay, run them again, please?
so make as many mistakes as you can.
if you want, i could schedule those visits to end right before you come in for your shots.
dont go no further.
ill never let go any chance to win over narsing.
..to feel uncomfortable, because of you.
hes bleeding inside. youre not helping him.
for example, hed carry the groceries home.
hey, you act any more surprised, im gonna get offended.
clownfish are no funnier than any other fish.
you really like her, dont you?
should we have ourselves some sport, chillens?
you realize this is the longest conversation weve ever had?
any relation to persons living or dead is completely coincidental.
it is truly an honor to be in your presence.
the date is tomorrows. one day on, youd be gone.
and there was a light.
but it wasnt a dream.
he cant even speak telugu properly.
today, theres a memorial service for all the soldiers killed in iraq.
yeah, im okay.
do we make it?
you can make an appearance, court the jock vote.
tell me who sent you.
your thighs are loose, sallu.
ill have a burger, burnt.
ill never tell. you keep my secret, ill keep yours.
shahrukh khans cousin brother!
you heard me. on your knee.
no, its smart.
get cottage cheese and fried lentils for me.
betterto hear swearwords than a woman sobbing
why are you wearing a hospital gown?
back to the stronghold!
could you come with me for a moment?
the coffin is at simons butcher shop,
yashodhara is prithvi singhs daughterinlaw..
well, it wasnt anyone at that table im curious about.
mum, can i go and play on the swing?
we crashed here.
i cant... cant carry him.
you have this great life, and you cant even see it.
come back quickly.
thats a hell of a first impression, dad.
there an allen schweitzer in genpop?
what does it look like?
and youre too young to understand this, but...
ill manage and come there.
i dont even know your name.
the steel bars ground external electrical currents.
i cant remember who dies when.
okay, this is how we do this.
you can call off your lawyers.
do you know what that means?
as good as can be expected.
i thought you loved my tits.
i like this guy.
where is rohan?
he didnt say anything.
after what just happened to skyler? that could happen to any one of us.
be quiet. sit still
you think i dont know that?
no, no, please. please, dont hug me.
did you forget what we talked about?
killed them with one bullet.
they just needed a bit more time than you assumed.
what were you doing in here?
michael, what are you doing?
sandy, when is your brother arriving?
nell told me. i was wondering if i could borrow your english notes.
theres got to be a way off it.
youre trying to bribe an honest man like prem singh.
hurt you? ...
so, i heard you had a visit with your mom.
we had a... complication.
thats low, shannon, even for you.
its okay. were safe for now.
when i told my brother about you..
spot boy, find a chair for madam.
it... it all happened really fast. i remember the impact.
did your man deliver, or did he deliver?
beeping rapidly massive instrument failure!
arent you proud of yours?
youll reach your son.
how will they kill us now?
shes hot, youre hot.
we can do this all night.
then i get stuck with the incompetence rap.
suppose to be my day and he gets all the fun.
he did what?
its orange and small...
michaels gonna cowboy up.
i called our lawyer.
it could be two minutes, two hours.
hey, what happened?
i want you to tell me what really happened the day my car went off that bridge.
i was asking about the owner of gp rajan group of companies.
please dont feel shy, i feel like killing myself.
we went through everything.
have you seen how many bills they get?
dad had asked the astrologer..
and so the mystery that isnt clark kent deepens.
did he apologize for blowing you off?
youre in the motor pool, right?
andy could use a nice welcome back when he gets out of the infirmary.
hes smart. educated
he found something that can help us out.
once you hit this stream, you wanna head northwest.
take those sunglasses off.
i did. he left both of us.
no, but there will be enough time down there.
trails as straight as the interstate.
you would remember how deep.
why did you kill him when you knew it would destroy the boat?
remember people, you lose that mask youre unconscious in 20 seconds.
i know he was with you last night!
a little of both.
can you please tell dr. bensley that... he can just do whatever needs to do, all right?
somewhere near the bakara market.
youre a localhistory buff.
i thought i can handle it.
i know, but i think whitney needs to know that too.
how can i ask?
pepper, this is tyler.
seven dollars in any rockandgem shop.
president, youve saved the club.
just like this time capsule.
hes in charge of making everything better for everyone.
you realize that i cannot tell you when that might be, it could take a while.
and today people of madwali have gone..
but im still breathing.
enough of these, and they wont notice...
i have programmed into their surveillance system.
oh, so now you wanna fight?
its none of your business.
im innocent, please trust me.
its like a law of physics.
the ship isnt moving.  if you say so.
alison. she disappeared last summer.
were playing for deodorant sticks. you dawgs up for some golf?
its the only way they can proceed with the adoption, yeah.
a pindaris eyes are filled with rage.
hes hiding there.
not shrek. that is not shrek.
no. im sorry.
ill prove to his him that ive an affair with narsings sister.
i just need a minute.
not too late, tom.
sticky stacks of golden, syrupy deliciousness!
inside, hes like the rest, isnt he?
whats your problem?
so, you drew these?
i cant believe theres anything youd say that would interest me.
you killed two of us.
one day, he even took the trash out without moaning. thats unusual.
i know youre down here, ben crouching in the dark just waiting to take a shot at me.
sure, you can yell at boone, but all youre doing is giving him what he wants.
its a lot to ask, and now that im here im quite certain that you will just say no.
who asked you, mister busybody?
just take me there.
ive been meaning to talk to you about this frankenstein.
are all the bags in the locker?
yes. he told us all about you, ana.
you wear this jacket.
pairs are ordained already in heaven
standing there in the water, there was a man.
i do not work for ben.
someone might just call me over to order food.
the is os, they were going to be my gift to the world.
could you tell me the exact formula of amor and psyche?
there is one way.
i prefer to find out on my own.
what kind of grades are these?
ive got some cramping, dehydrated, nausea.
be cool, be cool, alright?
so the portal, it activated when i came in.
david drew the shades without even needing to be asked.
i guess im too old for that sort of nonsense anymore.
well, is he gonna question all of us alone now?
you gotta have standards ok, thats all im saying
raju rastogi ranchhoddas chanchad tell me ur room number!
go and sleep in your room.
you know youre going to get killed in here, right?
this is your team?
flu, i think. she asked me to cover for the afternoon.
im applying for a new villain loan. go by the name of vector. its a mathematical term, a quantity represented by an arrow, with both direction and magnitude.
they must be drunk with their local brew..
finish that one already?
you mean you dont like me?
yeah, its... its a favor for a friend of a friend.
but we fight a lot.
i could do your chart if you wanted.
dont worry about right or wrong, you need a job now. go.
i was still looking for where i was born?
..in an incident that occurred 20 years ago.
i cant decide which one of you, im gonna kiss first. me. problem solved.
and since when did you and jack start talking about me?
bruno, you dont still think its a farm, do you?
i dont know, maybe an hour or more.
you need a nurse?
you know me. i just get a little overly obsessed about work, thats all.
we are going to alaska.
what are you doing?
two hours, one hour, whatever.
drive the car slowly, lets watch him getting beaten up.
i love it.
except his fingerprints and signature didnt match mine.
take it easy, leticia.
i met one.
just find something and make it look like something that looks like a print.
are you sure it could have been in this hospital?
im very sure that pindari will surely come here.
stop it with that godawful toy!
uh, i made you some coffee, and theres orange juice.
that man has a mouth full of sweet teeth.
every minute that i or my security team spends chasing phantoms on surveillance cameras or finding you trespassing in a restricted area is one less minute were able to do our jobs.
mr galvin, i understand thats gonna cost the company a lot of money... do you think?
i didnt say i refused.
my favorite game. i used to play with my brother.
youve seen the blueprints.
lisa always takes care of us.
because thats not how it works.
i wont hurt you.
which one would you like?
for you, the answer is always yes, philly.
its now after you and your people crashed on the island.
and heres one for anjali...
which way did they go?
youre wasting your time. open up!
right behind us. theyre on their way.
we use it up, were right back where we started.
i am not lost.
dont listen to him. hes talking trash to pull us apart.
have i ever let you down?
what do you got?
give me a kiss.
im talking about the exit clause. used to be, you had to guess his name, but now everybody knows who rumpelstiltskin is.
are the humvees here?
i dont think thats a good idea.
it can be done.
at the subway station, there was two cops.
you heard it right.
bella, do you not understand my feelings for you at all?
theyre just some guys.
your socalled experts were wrong about clark kent.
were gonna need you to divert to a siding at portville.
noon. i heard you the first time, randy.
afraid of mother but not me, right?
she reaches for the poisoned chalice.
im getting movement in these pedals. check the systems again.
i dont like to see my baby hurt...
i just figure that, i mean, we have two things that we can do.
ok, i was right. youll start school in a year or two. no, dad!
so why dont we go to s.t.a.r. labs.
can i have your boots when youre dead?
i cant find you.
look who stopped by for dinner.
im not going out there.
what you have to do is start at the absolute basic.
hanna, why are you so quiet?
ethan i can hear you!
i can be like, ooh, my, hurley.
is that what your father did to you?
sure he took away a star last time he reviewed this place.
theres an old legend they actually walk across the desert to find water.
god damn it, were lost already!
what do you mean, you cant get through the wall?
well, its where people enter their cars in sort of a competition.
you dont feel bad.
you can trust me. i talk to lots of dead people.
because, frank, for so many years you have inspired me with your beautiful words, and i feel that...
i have to learn how... how to capture a scent and reprose it forever.
not the mom type...
no, just a routine followup.
he wont stop staring.
dont make me choose,
yes, priya, what were you saying?
but before he can declare his love,
we found an emergency action message from allies here in moscow.
though hes not with us, arent you here for us?
you knew id beat you.
mommyll be right back.
theyll kill him.
okay, sweetheart, bye
sir pitambar has send ransom money for jenny.
i think its time you quit the charade, dont you?
i...am going off...away to a hunt.
hes my brother. right.
beauty with money!
who is it?
the owner of this house, zulekha maam.
you can give it back tomorrow.
must be careful when ladies are around, lets go home.
we need her information.
beyond the restrictions of time.
come on, come on, come on, please.
the first ritual in your marriage..
we take shifts and go slow.
were in business to make profits, not friends!
as long as i dont move, or... or breathe.
l cant think of a life without you
its not that bad.
well be in friendly neighborhoods before we hit the market...
the poor things been sitting in the garage for 15 years now, bea?
combatants 3 and 11.
ill do anything you want, babe.
..but you can at least try..
is that what it is?
nobodyd ever come close.
if you dont tell me who killed bob before i leave this cell, our friendship goes with it.
what happened in there was my way of saying
you know, when i lose something, i always try to retrace my steps.
he cant do that.
so, what were you saying, yashodhara?
no, i havent heard from her. im starting to get concerned.
last semester you were getting almost all as and now...
are you sure you want to be here?
shrek, do my babies have hooves or talons?
any news on my wife yet?
whats the matter naani?  what happened?
this is wrong, priya.
you banged your head.
youve killed people, jake.
it could also be a venue for local bands and arthouse movies.
his coming has filled the emptinesses in my heart
hes going to jump.
her husband was on the plane.  great.
all right, lets see who can find it first.
in the forcefield, he escaped.
when were asleep, our mind can do almost anything.
you wanted to know why were here?
why? because i was scared that i wouldnt be able to control it...
you told me you were going to baton rouge to close a deal.
all right, well, why dont you go check in with naomi over there, and, uh, ill be seeing you?
id kill them all.
hey handsome boy.
and how do you know so much about temptation?
i hope thats a yes, because thats the best i can do.
ill be right back.
and for this purpose, weve got a warrior.
follow viru shastrabhuddis suggestion, change your rooms and get shifted with chathur ramalingam exams are closer, and if you be with that chanchad, will never pass in exams!
i was a warrior who dreamed he could bring peace.
lm not holding.
yeah. i let that moment slip away and i dont think ill ever get it back.
theres a bomb!
its from the hatch.
keep him steady, damn it!
its what youve done.
and so are all your friends.
no ones getting on a sub. ok, lafleur... how well did you bury those bodies?
because youre about the closest thing i got to a friend, doc.
grace, i enjoy our little talks...
you were supposed to come later. do you have any bags?
the main island... is that where jin is?
shouting is not a good idea.
lm covering all your medical costs.
nice car, you know?
get angry, kick some butt!
but mainly its because people dont like me. chuckles
you in the mood for some breakfast?
which one of you is ricardus?
okay, so youre saying that linda is becky material?
oh, my god. hes so beautiful.
really? you sure about that?
wat is he writing yaar?
i shouldve seen that one coming.
so james told me that jack wouldnt help, but he didnt say why.
ill call you!
thats how it works, right?
i will not let you exploit my son.
he said there wont be any problem if i transfer property to them.
im comin, im comin!
well meet again, my friend.
so the woman who told you how to come back... did she mention that it would be 30 years ago?
you need someone to take care of you?
im no longer a danger to society.
theres going to be no next time...
and i need you to be strong.
oh, no. you ladies need a hand?
i got people standing guard 247.
we can only bring back people whose bodies we dig up from the ice.
hey that girl!
i wanted a little brother.
if you want, i could recommend you be sent to adseg.
paul growling softly sam paul, calm down, now!
thats not a good idea.
but with the lowlatent inhibition, something interesting happened to michael.
i like to get to know my patients.
father, take coffee.
..but well also have the army of madhavgarh.
just forget it, alright?
when you go steady...?
because the first time it came back identified as rodent hair.
youre not real!
ill show you exactly how i killed your kalpana.
it has special powers.
where did you learn to speak english?
theres only one way to find out.
right. so, what happens when we die?
thats why i always keep it with me.
but these are dangerous times, general.
at times bashful, then carefree
youll be in the link at the end.
im taking over at the torch while chloes out of town. catch up with you later.
running out of chickens.
so who are you, really?
can i ask...
i wish we had a drum roll for this.
now, this is where i need you.
even the name gives me a hardon.
look, you dont want me to change.
were practically strangers.
my heartbeat used to sing too.
look how an idle brain thinks!
you asked for my opinion.
i was hoping youd be happy for me.
which begs the question, what does lex luthor get out of all of this?
so whos this eywa?
he set up a casualty collection point, i dont think theyll be able to move.
there are too many soldiers now.
i just dont know how shes controlling the bees.
whatever you said to him, john. it worked.
and then the dark matter released.
hundreds of ufo fanatics have gathered on rooftops in los angeles to welcome the new arrivals.
then i looked at the envelope.
is this waiting thing something you really want,
come over here!
what about nicholas?
my son ratted me out for drinking on the job.
she ran into the jungle. shes not thinking about leaving fake trails.
were running out of missiles, sir.
monicas laid off.
you said you were gonna get rid of him.
oh, then perhaps i may be mistaken, then theres no use for you at all
oh, yes. silly me. its in the back.
you tell us what to do, and well get it done.
will you quit it?
come on, jamie, i got you!
well, whos got a problem with lexs british fling?
im after you for two years now.
will mommy be coming home soon?
actually, the management gives me a quota..
fates given you a second chance, harry boy.
sanjay is flying in.
you knew oppenheimer?
you are not authorized.
bella, you give me everything just by breathing.
so how will we get to the moon?
said they better think about giving me a better one too.
well, just tell her its from...
i can leave soldiers hidden in certain locations.
how deep is this station?
this world is filled with strange events.
i love you too mom.
dont you want to know whats in my heart?
and help solve the riddle of ryan?
l still need you.
how about we call a timeout so you can tell us what the hell is going on?
your tiny, little ogre brain couldnt begin to comprehend the complexity of my polygonic foldability skills.
look here... aeee.idiot
im having fish tonight!
listen, listen, listen brothers.
oh, im detecting nuttiness.
previously on prison break
well, its good you have troops, but we need some fortifications.
why would you say that?
who said you were leaving?
you know anything about construction?
so why dont you tell me
the voices of our ancestors.
as in a million units sold.
why cant he come home with us?
i know. i got it at the same store. ive been going on a shopping spree.
what number did you just put in?
you have to get out of here.
doing everything time to time?
on my mark, 2, 1, mark.
tell your mother the truth.
no, that would be fine.
come sip from the cup of destruction.
his work is classified.
you are gonna be supportive...
hes gotta want something.
just not always with a kind word.
dont worry about me!
for such donkeys..
of all the innumerable possibilities, he has to walk into mine.
ive got a list of people trying to get on that rig and you want to get off it?
yes sir, court has decreed to stop engagement till you settle his loan.
yeah, but my agings not.  your aging?
we read your mind and its all here.
thats fine during the day, but at night hes all alone.
have u watched a film n come..are u performing drama?
place it on the chest.
.. ...jump, jump, jump, jump!
ive told that cretin ten times to get these ready.
mother didnt like it.
i remember the plane filling up with water.
who wrote this?
you cant kill him so easily.
i have cancer!
i thought id ask.
i could do it.
i told you, he needs water.
ill start in here.
then get to it.
well, we can all dream, but this is the reality.
if radley spent less time in church and more at his tailors, he might not so resemble a badlybound hymn book.
p.s., he is not getting the moon, and p.p.s., by the time im done with him, hes gonna be begging for mercy. okay, bye.
no priors, a good student.
how do we find just one?
remember, ladies and gentlemen, this is a figureeight track, and as the cars begin spreading out, it becomes increasingly more difficult... to get through the intersection without colliding with another car.
why was your dad so mad...?
i really wanna see you.
slowly. just a little bit at a time. little bit.
shes losing weight too fast to keep up with regular food.
another notch, dog.
o my dear, im carrying the cherished memories of you in my heart, i lost my heart while leaving you here, im leaving myself with you, i dont have anything with me,
we need a position of the convoy. over.
sniffing i couldve mentioned her name out by the hatch one day.
from the vision again.
his son bingo...
what the hell is wrong with you, guys?
i dont know why was i standing there.
theyre free to kill him on the track, just not off camera.
but you dont belong here.
hes not listening to the cops, and that gas is gonna blow.
theres a good chance of that, yes.
guess what, i just shot a bear.
its just bloody difficult.
lockes got himself needs, just like anyone else.
i thought id never see you guys again!
no, no, no. yeah.
you shouldnt believe every word harry says.
thats really sweet of him.
what happened to him?
what are we gonna do about these kids, earl?
were locked into this thing now, understand?
i think its dr. hamilton.
there are two ways to win.
how many stripes do i have?
you have the right to remain silent.
were gonna visit billy miles.
are you both committing fraud to avoid her deportation so she can keep her position as editor in chief at colden books?
no other student, no other student!
you know, its funny that you would ask that.
at least forgive me now.
i knew it from the first.
please, jin, i need to keep moving.
radley gloating with pitiful pride while his lovestarved wife parades her daughter like a sow truffling for husbands.
well, its closing quickly, as im sure youre aware.
in the c2 bird, colonel matthews will coordinate the air mission...
oh, man, still rocking the pager?
it belonged to the man i killed!
and my miracle...
what the fuck are you doing here?
get up! lets go!
this guy was talking about it in the yard yesterday.
how many women do you see in this kitchen?
you know, actually i feel pity for them.
michael scofield, structural engineer, five years for armed robbery.
if i wanted to kill him, i would have.
what were you doing in there?
hes such a.. such a loser.
its natural to get such dreams in new house.
we regret the inconvenience.
and has very little respect for the rules of grammar... or rules in general.
i mean, theres something. small thing.
hold on there, little sister.
when will you go?
he wanted to sail to the mediterranean, but he never...
im exactly right for you, bella.
you make the most of it, nina.
she.. she told me to go and meet the president of america.
okay, stay with me.
happy new year.
sabotaged us, abducted us, murdered us.
first be on the job.
we want a beautiful and traditional girl.
ill finish loading the prisoners and pick you up at the crash site!
why are you helping me?
you dont understand.
theyre gonna learn that it doesnt pay to rob lex luthor.
whats going on here, chloe?
otherwise life is no fun, boss!
she sued oceanic, and shes in town to pick up her settlement.
im marking trees.
how long has she been like this?
we head straight to the house... looking confident and radiant... so hobart gets a good look at everything he missed out on, okay?
hey, were on our honeymoon here.
let me meet that laddoo and that fattoo... i vow on sachin tendulkar that i dont hang them upside down... in the middle of chandni chowk i wont call myself baujis daughter.
im a clinical psychologist, but shrink works, too.
im sorry. one minute, prem.
sometimes he was able to fight them off.
look, just get out of here, rose.
save the sales pitch, huh?
those amazonian tribesmen were all attacked by swarms.
we got half the country after us.
yeah, i guess so.
can that part still be a surprise?
not yet, god damn it, we got action!
well, i mean, i figure i could help out.
dont worry about it.
the problem is, youre just not good at letting go.
so, for it to be expedited, there had to have been some sort of political influence, right?
it appears the men with sarah may have a plan similar to ours.
i thought you said you had no idea why he was trying to find the island.
didnt come back.
you had to make some tough calls there, mike.
im going to count to three.
were taking heavy enemy fire!
i dont like people much.
why did he have to butt in?
the bookcase. top shelf.
a move on our lead car, driven by michael knight, the daring independent in that black transam.
look, no offense, but can i see some kind of identification?  sure.
michael,sarah has the files.
now i think about her all the time.
a copycat of a murder that happened 60 years ago, two days after the original killer disappears?
ill leave you to it, then.
why are you so quiet?
well, if were going down to chelsea, were gonna need some gas.
then whyd you say it?
why would luthorcorp dump their stuff here?
cargo hold is full of it.
isnt my mom the greatest?
come on. lets just get this done.
nobody calls her noor.
we caught one of them.
you got my barbie cake?
i thought i owed it to her to come see her.
what the hell are you gonna be doing? thats needtoknow.
none of the bills were marked, but we figure they gotta be from some job.
dont worry, clark.
no more a loser.
im surprised you want to leave.
i will make as many perfumes as you want.
why didnt the rest of them come back with you?
she never talked about you.
i know how to have fun!
hey, henry, what do you say?
if narsings sister is beautiful, machirajus sister is very beautiful.
jacob scoffing i heard it sucks.
about my little brother!
i dont know what is more disquieting, the fact that the rest of the statue is missing, or that it has four toes.
so their fathers and mothers are same.
they have your daughter on tape shoplifting a pair of sunglasses.
i remember the room, the medicine, a teenage girl...
im not gonna step away from the boat.
open the door.
her flares came from that direction.
none of your business, john.
flight 247 to cleveland has been delayed.
do you understand, baby?
i was a different person there.
just let me talk to him, he is my brother.
you need to take care of them.
the gun, dom.
i didnt think so.
i wasnt serious at all.
just leave him!
well, genius, i think we got some bad info.
just wait for a while...
actually shes completely...
you had no right.
i aint lookin to leave.
why did you fuckin do that?
i just think its kind of weird to do it on a saturday.
im going to find out, you know what it is youre doing up there.
theres a core structure like a spiral.
give that girl to me!
so.. well meet tomorrow.
im in the crosshairs the same way you are, all for your exboyfriend, who, unlike my father, is a scumbag criminal who just happens to be in prison for the one crime he didnt commit.
you agreed to free all ogres!
sorry. cant believe youre just giving him australia.
start treating me with respect.
i could make a ton of money in endorsements.
you keep burning it at both ends like this, youre going to drive yourself crazy.
why did this happen to us, mandira? why?
look, i dont know what this thing is, but its not here for food.
no, you dont.
youre gonna have to master a few tricks if youre gonna build three complete dream levels.
i think we could live here.
hows that for a tragedy?
what did i just miss?
no radio contact.
he wouldnt do that.
want to take that walk now?
that little baby will put you right past sydney.
walk with him. hell calm down.
rub and scrub... till my hands tire
see, if i could derive an equilibrium where prevalence is a nonsingular event where nobody loses.
can you hear me?
why are you keeping secrets for this guy?
when youve forgotten the rakhi.. theres no need for that.
no, no, no, no. hes my son.
give me the key.
oh, i havent been in a while.
based on your aptitude test, youll be doing janitorial work.
why get so upset with me?
we cant go public. theyre after us.
if we find the address of that lady then maybe i can find my proof and you can find your black book.
so then... do it.
he cant come! if you want to get back, this is how its gonna have to be.
can you believe weve been here for over 3 weeks?
if you want to live, you need to come with me.
if your sutures rip, you wont be.  i cant sit around
theres a rehab clinic in sydney.
that sounds to me like research worth funding.
all access to bwing cut off now.
its the chance to build cathedrals, entire cities things that never existed things that couldnt exist in the real world.
is my love failure at this age a small matter?
even im responsible for the state youre in.
dont open it, mr. locke.
the work being done in this place is important, eko.
you make a good point, son.
if you have time to fix your hut, you have time to move some rocks.
well, that number.
open the damn door!
im cool with that.
thats why i brought you here.
nell found me at the bus stop. it was freezing.
you got your breath. yeah, your colors coming back. see?
others, others, others, others, others!
dont tell me you dont want to be a part of this.
get up and fight.
watch the cake?
lower your gun, and well talk. okay?
im coming to london on the 14th.
look, if you want my help, youre gonna have to be completely open with me.
theyre here because whitney forced them.
a small, but increasing group of supporters have gathered here today..
im a real idiot.
he abandoned her.
dumb shit, what do you think the government will do to me?
thats where i come in.
im leaving. i dont know how long.
its dangerous for you, its easy for us.
climb the rope, or i shoot your friend.
then what are you doing with me?
embry guess the wolfs out of the bag.
listen, i wanna put mary walsh under 72hour observation.
youll see. no. i promised him id never let anything happen to him.
thats only my opinion sir.
but i didnt steal license yet.
we just got here.
and you said never to use memories.
i dont know exactly where, but she shouldnt be that hard to find.
we need the doctor on this island to get some sleep.
well, what took you so long?
you know where to find me.
the numbers are cursed.
please, make yourself comfortable. isaac will be right with you.
i was gonna tell you.
its very understandable how someone in your situation could suffer a psychological break.
well, thats nice. well, maybe you can help me.
if you dont wanna come, then find another way to contribute.
you know, i...
k.i.t.t. for easy reference.
the kiss didnt work.
he wont tell me.
wheres your car? up on the road.
or have you come here to rape science!
we should bring naomi home.
its a beachcraft... used to smuggle heroin.
i know i smell like a dog.
you look so so...
because i am from the future.
this is a misunderstanding.
these days they got a name for just about everything.
its too awful.
its good for you to leave this city forever.
right now, hes probably bouncing from hot chick to hot chick.
were hit, were hit!
if she has an attack, its not gonna be good.
im sure hell be fine.
you like em?
then i punched the cakes that the pigs ate and the next thing i knew, my donkey fell in your waffle hole.
i hope all this attention doesnt go to his head. he needs to be careful.
you know what i think?
thats wrong, isnt it?
thank you for waiting with me and not asking why youre here and not jin.
its enough for me to develop a theory.
after all that ive given...
relax, youre just gonna help me retrieve some files.
a born killer.
youre an interesting person.
behold! the son of our maker!
two buttons. two levels. im sorry, all right?
..and ill die of boredom.
i know you did.
i must select a victim now and beat him black and blue!
what did you do now, sean?
years back, he was kidnapped by aliens. did all kind of experiments on him and such.
ben, what are you doing?
what are you getting at?
all right, gerald.
now, ive foreseen...
that one building inspired me to start drawing and designing.
weve to go by this road only.
this is no longer a missing persons investigation.
she said...go jump in a lake... and possums rule!
how have you stayed hidden all these years?
still supervising the removal of the cows.
..look, theres kasim.
didnt i promise you fireworks?
one more minute.
i believe worry is the appropriate word.
chicken, mutton, she eats everything.
tom, would you like to say goodbye to your sister?
you know i dont like surprises.
i dont know about aim but our paths are same.
where is everybody?
and the circuss ringmaster, your granfather will spin the hunter and say run!
your mother told me youve no boyfriend, no lover.
because you are my partner!
but if is not too much to ask, can you just promise me something?
naina... its just...
you stopped talking.
cut yourself loose.
since ive seen neither locked in this cell for weeks,
and this is dangerous in the advertising world!
now, were not gonna let this thing change us.
we gotta keep going.
would you like to come to the students ball with me?
yeah, i had to get it moving, connie. in what position was the throttle set?
im an inspector, not a priest.
you dont think wed let you get away that easy, do you?
that youre orphan.
you dont mean the...
anyway, have a good one.
i need to email a confirmation code to complete the wire transfer.
dont blame him.
to prevent inhalation. mold can be really dangerous.
will you lay off the jockstraps thing?
lm not coming for you.
itll all be over soon.
and i was wondering if you... could, keep an eye on my boy until i come back.
what about graduation?
you are seeking a chemist?
this is somebodys sickjoke.
im sorry, do we know each other?
love spelled backwards is love.
respectfully yours or my sincere respects?
its a puzzle of undeterminable size and dimension, but i intend to find out what role you playing in all this.
im his master. hes the hired help..
maestro, odiles coda, please.
you made me think that you still loved me.
its got nothing...
it is, sir.
his clients... they know were lying.
where was that?
would you look after the children?
i always knew youd return.
is that in the good korea or the bad korea?
what...you speak english?
well, arent you?
wheres the rest of our people?
and, uh, i also need one of those guns.
instead, life gives him nothing.
but try to look farther.
ive got a tangy coconut, coriander and chilli sauce, fresh asparagus, fresh potatoes.
seetharamaiahs daughter is going with machiraju in the last bus.
they march you in naked as the day you were born skin burning and halfblind from that delousing shit.
knight one, fox three!
or if i cant?
but the concept that works best for our campaign..
when i first came to smallville high, i was full of hope.
oh, i guess i shouldve made that clearer.
my name is daniel faraday, and right now, me and everyone else you left behind  were in serious danger.
to what do i owe the pleasure, jim?
is your doctor around?
with the cargo we got back there?
ill tell them that you stopped by.
this is gonna be lovely.
it was just a joke...
we have that in the emergency kit.
its all over.
..is holding his fathers big finger with his small finger..
jacob sent me.
thats the problem.
because thats the kind of guy he is.
maybe hes right.
otherwise its ok if i fail!
range four clicks.
l can explain that. are you ok?
youll be fine in a couple of weeks.
youve had this for 40 years and you know nothing about em?
there goes mr. charles.
that it was a kind of charade.
i havent seen you since you were about 12.  dog whimpers
to have food doesnt require money dude, uniform is required uniform, watch there..
the only difference between us and them... is the badge.
one piece of investigative information at a time.
i said that, till i saw the flatiron building.
..that you didnt even ask his name.
from past 32 years he had continuosly in this college, he has done rapes upon rapes,
fire king avert flood...
im up for it.
are you feeling better?
good morning, boss!
its our best shot.
i got homework.
nate  come on.
we got comic books and twizzlers.
theres no dirt even on the streets.
dont spoil it.
and im gonna grab that stick... and ram it right up your ass...
i bet by this time tomorrow...
what the hell are you doing, tubby?
i dont have time for this.
sorry doc, hes just gonna have to hang on till morning.
my teeth are chapped.
he interfered in my business, its okay.
and when they do, well be waiting for them.
for you and me, its happening right now.
you need to calm down.
so why do you think hes a marshal?
i mean, you must be tired.
we should get back to the beach.
its okay. come on.
so, you guys double up, and i am gonna start sketching out the letters in the sand.
why am i not surprised? im running because i think i can do a good job.
listen. i pushed the guy. he fell.
its not a happy ending then.
however many are dead, i killed them! i killed them all.
but.. but, sam never complained.
how about the day i met donkey?
and thank you.
u can talk to your friend miles away..
mr. shephard, if youll just bear with me.
his death is my gift to you.
bring the alcohol and some gauze patches, then strip that bed and make sure its got clean sheets on it.
most guys dont come here for my conversation.
whoa, whoa, whoa!
stay away from her!
where have we come now? how tacky!
i couldve lied and married you.
michael, you understand, by law,
lf were ever apart.
then why did you want to kill me?
planning an invasion?
hold your fire!
wouldnt think youd find the daughter of frontier justice frank working in a prison.
im a complex guy, sweetheart.
got the party pumping.
you should get back before the storm hits.
the blues images  ride, captain, ride   upon your mystery ship   be amazed at the friends  woman speaking indistinctly over pa ...recruits will be going inside for processing,
it isnt real.
give us something.
lets go, lets go, lets go!
turn this thing off.
man, you are a catastrophe!
sarah,after i shipped out to iraq,
can you put mine on for me, em?
priya has begun her new life from yesterday.
..ive been looking for u!
i want vengeance for my sister.
and after that, go to the caves.
the spirits and the spirit world is one of them.
and if you need anything else, just let me know.
are you playing golf?
ankush dont forget your water bottle in school...
scully, its me. i havent been able to sleep.
you got a son, jack?
he never leaves without taking a blooming soul.
im only here tonight because of you,
yeah, man. i had to get out of there.
im not a savage.
when he came to know he has benz, machiraju too bought a benz.
its an offer, and thats where the job is.
what? put the guns down.
a new kind of fertilizer supposed to make corn grow twice as fast.
you know where you hope this train will take you but you dont know for sure.
blow my guts all over this house?
l want you to get excited about your life.
did they say anything that suggested where they were going?
howd it happen?
silent alarm has been tripped at the central city morgue.
..and have shown no signs of leaving.
ive never seen anything like this before..
then i wont have these visits to look forward to anymore.
brother ljjaz, are you feeling alright?
how much do we really know about him and his past?
... thatshegotthe results of a blood test this morning...
you couldnt do anything, so watch now.
i... need blood.
so youre telling me... that youre working for benjamin linus?
if you want me to go with you...
accidents happen out of negligence
wat do u call it..hippocratic oath!
what are they doing here?
maybe he knew, claire.
mr. locke got any kids?
rocks have no fear... and they sink!
look, we do not have to do this thing for ali until
get out of here!
is she dangerous?
your father later died in an accident, of course i arranged that accident,
this is her.
maybe we should go see who launched that flair.
eight are alarmed and the rest are carefully monitored by cameras.
the city knew our arrival would bring great danger.
genius. i was waiting for you.
i havent seen it myself in months.
my father accepts that i want to create for myself, not follow in his footsteps.
i knew that.
who is it then? ls it you?
oh, i havent named him yet.
ill find someone who will.
i knew what was in that statue.
ladies and gentlemen, weve been cleared for takeoff.
this factory is in berlin, we seized it at the end of the war.
what the fuck?
this is my fight.
be ready to move.
were not leaving you!
you interested in her?
you kill him, you kill our express ticket out of here.
were you ever... gonna take us off this island?
honey, can you walk?
im doing what i can.
i dont believe this.
if the boars thinning out, why should he feed everyone else at his own expense?
i couldnt make it by sooner.
we gotta stop it. the numbers are bad.
you know what im saying?
ha, ha, i didnt buy them for you, i bought them for nick.
turn off the radio.
theyre getting in front.
im being assnapped!
the last beach i was at was sharm el sheikh with you, essam, remember?
i didnt see anyone i recognized.
i feel the brilliance of every moment, the splendour of existence and its awful keen as the edge of a blade, this desperate will to see, touch and...
fordman, youre the team captain.
i told you, its a race rack.
so where are we?
just picture a mammoth steak....
but we must hurry.
mcknights column will go to the target and load the prisoners onto trucks.
why dont you tell them, michael?
ive found him, brother.
and you shouldnt either.
for a couple of weeks now.
youre a daddy.
my brothers, sisters...
the i love you so much
youre, like, a century behind everyone.
sign it or else ill expose publicly.
im embarrassed without dhoti.
you cant die.
i think i know where he went.
prepare the car for him, devon.
mom moved back to texas and dad stayed in miami.
linc, you gotta write something down.
who is that?
ive tried. they cant do anything.
with a little help from my friends.
burn down our fields.
they took your car, didnt they?
and the seed grows into a little baby that starts to grow and grow and grow...
or you can allow me to help you get to the point where you never need someone like me again.
oh, look at me.
come on, honey.
bobs wife is my wife.
brain function in the dream will be about 20 times normal.
im the lookout, man, thats it.
hoffman, you stay here.
hey, you seen chloe?
ill wait for you.
you will keep my daughterinlaw very happy.
i forgot the anchovy licorice sauce.
all right. time to take a break.
old heart, it will shiver.
i didnt know.
he didnt do anything. hes my friend!
youve made it abundantly clear.
then youd better go to that cornfield and find it.
this is the dialogue every man uses to get loser to woman.
come on now.
well, im not interested in her body. im interested in her money.
look, if thomas and i dont, you know, get back together,
it never hurts to dot your is and cross your ts, right?
there are no guests, kiddo.
not the kind youd expect to get that much ink.
thats some old hag.
how do i suddenly become michael knight?
so much cold is good enough for you.
i dont wanna stay, i wanna go with you.
so, now, he will have to die.
if you guys are finished verbally copulating, we should get a move on.
what am i gonna do, dougy, huh?
whos your girlfriend?
trevor, its okay.
and if it was a behavioral experiment... i mean, there...
come on, son, stop being silly.
its gonna drop you off in tahiti.
did you hear that? sweetie, you need to take it easy, okay?
good shot, son.
on the 2nd well arrange for a small engagement party.
it was not all misery.
they took it from me.
so, to hell with it, he thought.
all i need is just a little anecdote just a small piece of information from clarks deep, dark past.
ill give you 300 for it.
everything breaks if you apply the right force.
i wanted to, remember?
just go right up those stairs.
someone we know?
she stopped the car. i remember because it started snowing.
you dont have the guts.
where the money?
whats his twenty?
get him out!
honey, i miss you, too.
what kind of problem are you having?
we can help...
thats how you talk. here.
i aint going back to no hotel to sit on my own.
so the one thing i dont understand is... whyd you come back?
i want you to come with me.
vascostylis blue fairy.
yes, we cant.
you know what im offering.
which good old days?
that will bring me profit.
he was a khan, so, he died.
so then how is it that you two met?
he cannot die.
dubai gang has escaped!
mal, look at me!
youre just letting your whole speices go! and thats just...thats just..... ..selfish!
yes, why not? you wont believe this...
you and jack have a bunch of stuff in that cave.
wanna take her for a little spin?
all right, be real quiet.
give me more power! i can pull us out of this!
we both want him.
no jail time.
pretty much your average day in college
and the only way to get to it is to lay charges here and here
well, if its got to be done, let him do it, right?
i dont need to do it again.
i asked around.
breathes oxygen, comparable tolerances to heat, cold.
you want to buy them or not?
how long you been coming out here?
just long enough to give you a nice, convincing sunburn.
he was protecting boo radley.
how would you like to go home?
today we will watch stuart little...
my ball went over.
ls anyone a doctor? !  excuse me.
you mated with the human!
what about shareholders?
do what you gotta do.
whatve we got here?
exactly. we need to evolve.
dude, thats ridiculous.
i heard what happened and i wanted to write, and i tried you at macarthurs but youd left, and i just....
we are pouring.
thats another 89.95.
why? were going to the same place. why dont we carpool?
its getting dark.
i think if you had any real strength, you wouldnt have had to send a spy.
hold it right there!
i just dont want to see you going down the wrong path...
dr. graiman,michael and sarah have no oxygen.
what... whats he doing?
yes, a doctor. please come here.
why isnt this combination working, john?
piece of shit.
whats your name, soldier?
what are you saying?
no. i have a roommate, but shes not home.
you wanna tell me why you just risked our lives to save that banger?
come here, scoundrel.
and well have nine kids.
im so cold.
youll realize when youll fall in love.
forgot to brush.  ohh.
i can see youre tensed but dont know what it is.
but youre family.
ill go with you. dont hurt anyone.
this guy, sayid, where is he from?
i know youre excited, too.
you know how stubborn he can be.
oh, my god.
these men can learn the value of an honest days labor and provide a service to the community at a bare minimum of expense to mr. and mrs. john q. taxpayer.
you can call me sandy.
howd you get here?
i better get it.
you all right?
you can, right?
we were unable to find henrys trail.
but not just about them...
no, lets go away from here.
not too far now, marcee!
that question is not in the binder.
i hope you like dinner rolls. i do indeed.
instead of the veil... takes off ur helmet!
sebastian, im so sorry, i...
like i said...
theres no need. im just going to the loo.
great taste in music.
thats where i met the guy.
she looked really pretty today.
eagle one, the package is being delivered.
well have to drive them out of the entire country.
looks like were both airheads today.
was nice talking to you, juliet.
mom wasnt fat.
you said you dont have money for train and bus ticket.
theyll take care of you.
altimeter reads 650.
roma i think we should lodge a complaint with the police.
does that mean youre back doing surgical stuff?
captain steele, come in.
and the only solution is to change me.
has anyone seen vincent?
you want the bullet?
come on, ill show you mine.
records, w2s with his name on them.
sorry. i was trying to help.  i know.
if i were you, id want to be on that boat within the hour.
vishal, please pass the towel.
so im a really big expert on all this.
did you bring the package?
kids you know..
oh, ok. all right. well, you go then.
hey, mate, you dont get this yet, do you?
ashish, what are you doing?
i know you think we dont have a chance, but we have to try.
kanell walk away scotfree, and youll go away for life.
yeah, well, that is not going to happen.
you know, i think everybody knows more about my baby than me.
but that is what i love about you.
it was a loan, man, it was a loan!
they got fucking ben jerrys ice cream and shit.
when we were kids, i thought your dad was, like, the king of klickitat street.
im perfectly all right, really.
theres different energies.
it only ends once.
thats judgment day.
i have a plan.
your son veer will be the chief in this battle.
who is she?
i am not. i mean..
he wants me and alice to join him, but he knows well never choose him as long as our familys still alive.
..participate in the united nations special summit.
thats crazy. you should leave.
i belong with you.
grab as many palm tree logs as you can find, the longer the better, take them over to the raft area. michael knows what to do with them. see ya then.
so he comes in a petticoat?
its the only thing i have to look forward to right now.
in case you didnt notice, we just got flushed out.
rousseau was here.
i think he killed her.
promise me, veer.
i just heard about the...
dad, cant you see im trying?
man, who doesnt like bob marley?
roma, i know that.. how difficult it can be for a woman.
come on. ill get you something dry and drive you home.
hey, guys, a bank robbery.
this is gonna be a motherfucker.
snap of my boss, charlie chaplin is everywhere.
chloe seems to like him.
come on, you fools! life!
your fort surgeon had you transferred here.
what are we talking about?
thats your cue, sharkbait.
we want you to get married here tomorrow.
i think we just did.
youre certainly not carl lucas any more.
if im lying, its yours to use.
its king edmund, actually.
ill never drive again as long as i live.
give me a high five.
be careful, okay?
yes. there are laws against this.
you told me i had to experiment.
theres gonna be an accident, then theyre gonna have to build a computer with a button you have to push so the world doesnt end.
why are you folding clothes?
more sky people are gonna come.
hes refusing to take his meds, and hes stopped sleeping.
what do you want to know?
that makes absolutely no sense.
i dont know why he said that, but im not gonna let that happen.
i only asked you here to congratulate you.
you know, afterlifewise?
competing with me?
well, i know all about that.
or at least smallville?
but you dont, remy.
youre not coming, sayid.
they think its hot now?
dont trust anyone.
shes er... shes not my girlfriend.
i was a communications officer.
the use of cell phones is not allowed during the flight.
earthbending is forbidden in this village.
i got to go out of town for ten days.
well, i broke it.
either way, im not gonna be coming back to this place.
president, shes a bit angry with me. handle her.
good luck, whitney.
they say he rides an alabaster carriage with golden guardians to protect him.
open the door!
let me tell you...
how did you?
i said i was sorry.
here only i kept bet with that idiot i kept my promise im back he he stupid i left my flight n came he left his pant n came just to meet rancho from five years were searchin for him dont know hes dead or alive or wat do u think?
yeah,but youre going in the front door with your head held high,okay?
i dont want it.  we want it.
besides, theres nothing i can do to stop it.
who is he between us?
will you meet my children?
where are we going?
just keep still, man.
we may be dealing with a man whos dangerously deranged.
you could use more sunshine.
are you sure thats what charlie wrote on his hand?
hes right, terrific is more natural.
..married to him after i implored him
you never enter a crack house with one plan.
cmon, help us out, chewie.
step one will be a scheduled interview.
you cant be here anymore.  what do you mean?
get us some coffee.
well,its my business to know.
will you tell me what happened?
wheres it coming from?
if i let you out... will you take me with you, to your people?
i understand your being confused.
give me your paw.
i met this woman at the retirement center, and she can kind of see the future.
hope can drive a man insane.
we figure out what our next move is.
could you speak in sign language...
the following day, dominique druot was arrested.
be honest with me.
this is papa dragon.
so... what you gonna do when you graduate law school?
and after were finished with that,
what do you do in the real world, mr. locke?
i came here for the same reason you didto warn jack about the people on that boat.
dusted the wrong field.
bombay miller, you ok?
im falling in love with you.
youre on pi.
put everything you find in different piles so we can take stock.
guys,what are we doing? oh,come on,really?
i just got caught up. im really sorry, walt.
lets think this through.
thought youd like it...
im trudy, i fly all the scientzoids.
come. dance with me in celebration.
take your shot, my friend.
its water under the bridge, man.
and then we got that target right in our backs again.
dont you say his name.
no one hates better than us.
hell be busy in shooting.
are you saying you know how to find them?
come on. tighten it.
i saw it kill wallace.
ive never said it to anyone before.
you know what that is, right?
its right here..
you already know my name.
ive never been here before!
you must make for the woods.
didnt feel like trusting me?
why did you come to bombay?
i am not doing it for him.
none of your damn business!
remind me what your dad said last time you asked him to play.
you can do this, you can do this...you can do this!
move my teeoff time from 900 to 1000.
for where the island was supposed to be
i didnt know what the future had in store.
you make the cover of the paper with some stunt, suddenly youre somebody?
i thought you wanted to hit a nerve.
where youll be given your work assignment and lodging.
can anybody enter?
3 months? wow, congrats!
hes a suspect in a murder investigation.
where am i?
..you feel these barbarians have a heart.
what are they gonna do?
sighs i dont believe in destiny.
dont you find girls in dubai?
i keep it under the seat.
im legally free to go, and i left a note.
i should have told them. take care, buddy. see you, reese.
scary, isnt it?
and hes about to get robbed.
what time is it?
so now youve noticed how much time cobb spends doing things he says never to do.
the reason i called you here...
made a profit of 1000 crores this year.
think id come at you on some bullshit?
it would be better if we were not seen together.
be careful that doesnt go off by accident.
give me your hand. the dragon goes under the bridge, through the loop and finally...
and i broke in and i planted an idea.
anyway, she, uh... is a little peeved.
can you please bring me this book?
he always thought it was his good fortune
youre not gonna see me for a while.
..to your favourite city.
that collapse kills hunt and janet.
ill be right behind you, okay?
one who has all qualities will become don.
she can help us, charlotte. she will help us.
you the man!
i had to sign an agreement or they wouldnt let you see david.
they said its mine if i want to keep it.
he says you were a good priest.
richard, you cant seriously trust him.
i dont mean to belabor the obvious, clark, but this isnt your fault.
im allowed to continue my work because ive made connections in congress.
yes, good afternoon.
millions of people were displaced.
can i talk to you outside for a second?
these others, who are they?
i sold my car.
i didnt eat all the chips. theres another bag.
okay, sweetheart, whatever you say.
..i dont want to impose myself..
thats the only sure thing i do know.
i first noticed it about 20 minutes ago, i thought it was the wind up here.
whats your problem?
all the people on this island are.
ok, lets point the dish at another satellite.
he became a part of our family.
and neither do the people on that boat.
you just never know how someone like this will act when pushed too far.
claire, hes coming.
even you are coming arent you?
you hear that?
but combine one flavor with another, and something new was created.
kate, we gotta get her up.
same thing ive always done, kate...
not to me.
the ones that are running things up there, the larger ones, hunt the smaller ones.
why are you calling me so many times?
im just telling you what he told me.
like her necklace?
hold on to that girl for me, please!
im sure, shethe have..
i assume shes done with her interviews?  im not sure.
they deserve better than that. better than what?
it was about the music.
i cant go back to that hospital.
we take off right now, we get back on the main.
i could dig under.  what?
did he say anything to you?
you know why im here?
your blood glucose is at 50 milligrams per deciliter.
come on! up!
or are you gonna give me your guns, turn around, and walk away?
the truth about club zero.
your story is really full of imagination.
what helicopter? what are you talking about?
t for torture man.
please listen to me man.
lets finish taking down rest of your information.
where the hell have you been, loca?
well, i guess you havent been telling all your friends about me.
he left this here for me.
they have to come first in the office..
have you never lied to a man youve loved?
and even if they do barge in they dont go sleep on the bed.
it was a ghost story.
all right, now listen!
lm sorry, about me?
where i wont have to be afraid all the time.
may be its them. what will you tell them?
you do need a lawyer.
if i was only casting the white swan, shed be yours.
he used to be my roommate, freshman year at duke.
since we were 6.
i just want him to hear my voice. i miss him.
sayids a trained soldier, kate.
my sister was praising you a lot.
she drove around the lake all night looking for him.
i found a human spinal column in my fecal matter once.
why are you here?
a kiss, a picture, a scarf.
automated male voice 50... 60...
but we cant use it, not from here.
..theyll end up looking like waiters..
havent you already underestimated our numbers?
are you ready to go now?
its totally dead. theres no way we can call the boat.
apparently, nobodys heard from him or seen him.
i suggest you and michael get to the rendezvous point as quickly as possible.
okay, here comes one.
yeah? what team are you on?
i want eyetie out of the car right now, man.
long time no see.
youre a lot of help.
can you move?
these are the keys to the arcade.
hey, welles, where you at?
its me! just now i saw...
hello, anybody home?
try it anjali...
i hope so,cause people need food,man.
and ill bet hes already figured out how hes gonna do it.
buckingham palace. buckingham palace.
is that supposed to be deep?
if there is any other match. tell me.
the back garden?
the threeheaded lobster from maine.
just a minute, just a minute.
how else will you afford your meal?
isnt that so, my friend?
so now i had a secret life.
now, can you imagine what kind of resources and manpower go into pulling off a feat of that magnitude?
ive always wanted to be a bridesmaid.
no, you saw the film, jack.
im fine. now stop asking.
can i go out?
promote you to editor?
right now im lying on polyester.
take a lie detectortest
no emergency rooms.
who told you?
watching him till they could put him in protection.
l want everybody outta there!  move!
there is one thing i need to talk to you about.
greetings to you my child!
and like norton said andy got no answers.
like i was saying..
at least we have jobs again, right?
i know you are.
that... doesnt exactly scream trust.
actually, lana, i have a confession to make.
i think you can appreciate that.
i knew youd see the light.
but its hard to say if that will be successful or not.
computer is just a tool.
if i dont kill the lnspector youll stay
an uncouth man like me? how could i care foryou?
princess, im looking for the prince as well.
i was supposed to be covering him.
but to us, hes a plain criminal
if you dont mind, i would like to talk to everyone here now.
hes right on the front line.
john, look at me,
evacuations now under way in southern california moving the population back from the coastline.
i can take you back where you belong.
out of sight, out of mind.
all right, listen, michael. you just take it easy. you stay in the shade.
no cheeseburgers, huh?
cookies bringing the heat out of the kitchen!
i dont know about your wife.
the jew deserved it.
hey, stop that woman.
we were jamming, man, building utopia.
but that was interesting.
now hes with a bunch of sea turtles on the e.a. c... and the word is hes headed this way right now... to sydney!
lets see how many times i can shout out about your little hole in there before i bleed out, huh?
hope these moments last forever
i know how much you liked him.
you are the one who has illusions and who is confused.
how is that a sin?
well, hell, i got medicine.
am i not your man, boss?
andrew, give me some numbers.
make sure youre with me on that raft.
do you know what was in that space before?
did you know that?
she must have lifted it off me.
ill solve it right away, okay.
oh! its not a compliment...!
how do you know my name?
hes been abandoned his whole life.
sorry she sent you on such a wild goose chase.
being a muslim is not a bad thing, mandira.
yeah, they know.
listen to me, okay?
all suggest the decedents manner of death, is...
what you are going to do is to sit down and tell us how you know so much about this island, my friend.
now, thats just plain silly.
id rather not mix my beverages.
you have no idea how difficult that would be for me to try to explain this this phenomenon to a quantum physicist.
the others are coming.
and whats in it?
you seen libby around?
squatting. its not exactly the hastings manor, but i have a whole sofa to myself.
clark, im not interested in an apology.
it was chaos.
youre in no condition to decide anything.
is what i did that day a sin?
the house is full of happiness.
he did something wrong.
you dont know about my boss pandu, hell kill you wherever you may hide.
terror tej singh.
is he breathing or what? who is that? check him out.
so he gets all hung up in the shallows,
ur son mr.raju rastogi is restigated from the imperial college of engineering!
you came into my life thinking you could shake me down because i was some spoiled, rich brat who needed his daddys protection.
we just get food and water.
ive never been this close before.
god damn it. you kidding me?
i find im so excited i can barely sit still or hold a thought in my head.
your plan was sound.
i was talking about him.  about tv soap?
steadmans wife said there were hundreds of millions of dollars at stake.
then theres no problem.
pauls been hoovering the grub, but i saved you some burgers.
theres always a first time.
well have to deal with it when the time comes.
i trapped her with priyas help only. isnt it?  yes sir.
the girl who writes for the pompom parade is, no surprise, out with mono.
it killed them all.
very relaxed, claire.
but for this smile, i can take any trouble.
oh, no. not necessary.
... ishouldconcludethatyou wanted to fuck those two models.
remember when she called the house the other day?
i crushed up some sleeping pills, put em in your juice.
ah, by the way, warden wants to see you.
we return to camp, but we never retreat.
my gut says were getting off this island.
theres blood all over his office and the blood trail leads out the window.
you know, i  actually, i have a question about this layout.
the windows on that upper floor are big enough for me to cover you from that tower.
id be able to show him my revisions on his
there should be someone amongst us..
wait. looks like we werent the only ones out there.
this is my associate, francette kelly.
now, this meeting is adjourned.
thought he abandoned us when you lot did.
dont go anywhere, sir.
after the census, hurley gave me the flight manifest.
i dont want the british and royal students..
you dont understand.
when did i say so?
there was nothing you could use, it was all cleared out.
okay, dont worry.
thanks for the dance, lana.
how we got here.
you havent told him the truth yet, have you, genius?
we should do this.
what are you doing in my cell?
or a blotter.
..why despite being incited by a stranger repeatedly..
i just wanted to feel close to you.
a real snot, who hated me.
my friend johnny...
those who survived retreated to the woods.
youre not gonna launch nuclear weapons. youll kill them and us. if we fire nukes...
impressive work at the pentagon.
i like to think the last thing that went through his head other than that bullet was to wonder how the hell andy dufresne ever got the best of him.
where are the keys?
but well go to seattle if we have to.
i made a mistake, okay?
do you have any new evidence?
what about the part where youre his girlfriend?
practicing to say i love you.
he was entirely different from all of us we used to fight for bathroom but wherever rancho used to get water, he used to have bath there itself!
theyre already scheduled to meet you when you arrive. flight 815.
well, i guess that makes me god, huh?
and you stay away from that boy.
i want to introduce your new classmate.
theyre using our own satellites against us.
i talked, you grunted.
these are my private thoughts.
its good to see you, nate.
he wasnt gonna shoot me,eloise.
im coming with you.
please note the use of the word you, not we.
stick to the plan, boys!
trying to give god what i thought he wanted.
did crab say what they wanted in return?
im telling you.
i guess, yeah.
no i dont want...
i dont want to hurt anyone, lana. i only want to bring them peace.
senior year i got sacked, blew out my knee, had to have four operations.
i dont know if i can trust you with that information yet.
so how does it feel having a littlebrothertype figure in your life?
it deals with a student and a schoolsponsored club and there are no mutants in sight.
previously on lost... how did you know my father?
thanks, bye.  go to seep now.
i tried to do what i thought shed want me to do, but...
the guy understands some russian.
in last months cosmo.
lets celebrate. yes! didnt i say everything will be fine?
thats a kick!
whitney, what are you doing here?
my shirt?  yeah.
i think im gonna stretch my legs.
actually, were going to have to skip the dance class today.
what is it then?
the men responsible are members of a terrorist cell intent on disrupting the coalition presence in iraq.
and you need to see this episode for what it really is.
i was just trying to be thorough.
its incomplete,but now that youre dead,
could have been me.
sorry, his name isnt there in this group as well.
my paths were full of hardships.
theyre helping her make smallville high her hive.
what im saying is... you look a man in the eye and you point a gun at him, you find who you really are, mate.
ana wants me to help you, john.
i didnt come here for this stupid jeep.
from the epiglottis. epiglottis. khan.
hey, man, im just...
ive spent almost 20 years trying to return.
your aunt said you were out here.
ill see you at home.
what was that?
i just didnt know what to do.
ramona, please, please, please, dont call him over
why didnt she give em to me?
l wasnt gonna read it.
im sorry, george.
same thing happened with paul and jared.
now hes back flying over the same south pacific?
grunts i dont know.
all night, i kept thinking.
i rubbed it..
well, to be honest, i havent the faintest idea.
hows the deal going?
i suspected you getting carried by trusting these fools.
you mean the fact that its been empty the last two weeks?
i have to learn how to keep smell.
john, we should talk about this!
im so scared of him!
a single strand of my hair is worth millions.
i am the one you wanted to kill.
about that house.
five minutes. no more.
this time gun will go off.
if we plant a virus into that mother ship, its gonna filter down into all the corresponding ships below.
lets plough the road!
my sons proven himself a failure.
and instead of making eight baskets, he made 16.
and please call the garage and have them get my car out in half an hour.
an hour and a half, two hours.
and i only asked you because they dont want you.
you you you are my sonia hey you are you are my soniya
i said do you have any terrorist links?
what kind of a person does that, ben?
you say youre watching us?
you dont worry, ill take care of it.
hey, what do you think?
cant believe i ever went out with you.
why is it insane?
youre a horrible liar. boone
it doesnt feel like 6 years.
october 1978. joyce maslow was dancing in elizabeth, new jersey when flames burst from her head and back, enveloping her.
wheres my boy?
a dream to be like papa.
in the jail place.
now the three of us just you two.
youll make him wish hed never mentioned the girl.
you wont tell sandy anything.
you used to go by the name of sawyer.
jasper hasnt been away from human blood as long as the rest of us.
let me take you to them.
i got him this job.
and so...where are you going?
im older and dont think i want to understand.
i guess we dont know people as well as we think.
so who found who?
find a truly original idea.
give me a hug.. just once?
here. shes rebooting.
youll make things worse.
thats all that matters in the end.
i also have the perfect cure for your eyesight, my blind friend!
or else you wouldnt have asked this question.
youre six months too late, kid.
wait! whoa! whoa!
we started a rebellion.
i wouldnt use the cuffs.
bring a fish friend.
not knowing things like that
getting outside these walls, thats just the beginning.
all right, weve got a lot of ground to cover, so lets fan out. if you cut their trail, call out to me.
look at me.
then get rid of it.
im not a man to equivocate.
can you remember what it is?
two trips in one week. im flattered, dad.
then dont look.
kidnapping means the kid is napping.
how am i gonna do that?
what the fuck you doing here?
i just wanted to tell you that what i said in there...
look at your book, baby.
yeah, i suppose he wouldve.
you formed a watch on my hand.
dont say that.
and his redheaded girlfriend is next.
if theres a way to save our people...
time up time up sir time up
rock the floor. spread your charm!
i had to clean the tank myself, take all the fish out... put em in bags, and...
you want that?
sanjay singhania is romancing our lead model?
its our best chance of finding out who they are and what they want.
and michael knight, the young independent from nowhere... and i mean literally from nowhere...
that i have the illusion of being a genius.
do jack and locke know about this?
whyd he do it?
well, not so long then.
fan out, check the surrounding caves.
how about a walk in the woods next weekend?
this is clark kent.
it stops here.
im just gonna go in there and deliver him a sandwich.
mommy, can i push the button?
i can raise nearly 90 of the capital.
no, i wont.
you have enough cheese?
i know you will help her...
thousands of germans have been made poor by the jew.
ive gotta get over to the store. stock day.
maybe after we get to the beach.
someone at a higher level of power.
you should know that by now.
hey, did you do this to my truck?
lana, whats going on?
have you heard about narad muni?
but she knows that you love her.
three deposits tonight.
will you give me a headsup as to the nature of your remarks?
he was really cool
i mean my family and myself.
id like a cup of coffee, give him whatever he wants and if you can point me to a phone, ill see if martha wants anything.
locketts brother was one.
i want you.
you guys havent had your breakfast...
that shouldnt be hard for you.
yeah, i guess so.
i was special.
just came to wash my hands.
they found the money from the robbery in her locker.
i think its time for the fatherdaughter dance.
i got it. i got it.
i had no idea ..
but when yours does, his friends will come.
why did you come, miles?
it seems you came to the airport with another girl?
because they think i killed her.
make it double.
well,i unbanish you.
why dont you point the gun down?
we should move out. people are probably getting thirsty.
not a chipmunk.
that so, bill?
you always knew wed be coming back here, didnt you?
think before you answer.
what are you telling them?
im gonna break his damn neck!  just take it easy, man.
in 1871, the whole settlement went postal before they even had a post office.
why would i go to sydney with you?
you dont understand...
and why is it that im not coming?
thats two votes for square one.
and weve got... trust issues.
well, little man, what are you waiting for?
neither do i, hes just a teenager whos in way over his head, thats all.
have you told anybody?
well,that should be enough.
you look like you got your ass kicked.
i only have one question for you
youre incredibly clever, cisco.
its a dirty job, but somebodys gotta do it.
what did you say your last name was?
i think i heard her scream.
youre the one who stammers.
where are we?
quick! we cant let him get away! up ahead!
dont stop to think. just... tellme .
i dont know what would have been..
did i feel bad?
no one know for sure.
you had to go and attack me.
were good people, claire.
will you get such a husband wholl..
are you comfortable with your appearance?
if he was cheat, he wouldnt have told you the truth.
can i have the phone now? tell you what.
whats what like?
a little late,kitt.  stay where you are.
no, i think she had enough weirdness for one day. what have you got?
you gave me your handkerchief...
what is your name? kwon jin.
you move fast.
well see when shes done.
grace knows i would do anything to get back to her.
give me the phone.
my math test results came in...
it wasnt a dream, pen.
if i may make a suggestion... observation.
it is not a word.
i suppose thats the point, isnt it?
all due respect, john, but you lied.
ya ya well go hotel but through vasant vihar.. take me ther
what are you talking about?
he was a terrorist, so hes not exactly getting a state funeral.
because hes not your son, kate.
cheaper than a shrink.
yeah, i guess i do.
hell always look like that.
did you lose someone, too?
im in! i you need to pull us out as fast as possible! do you copy?
whatever the name is, the result is the same.
oh, you must be the kent boy.
i beg your pardon?
i know you probably dont understand this.
whered you get my fathers ring?
we need to rest.
hard to get.
wow, look at you go.
lets put a pin in that.
teach me how to see.
thanks for agreeing to see me. i just want to get a few more quotes.
the borders are all guarded by the military, so you must fly.
wow. look at those idiots.
i see these two seconds just playing over and over and over again.
tron, he fought for me.
dispatch, this is 1206.
were not talking about just a game. were talking about my legacy.
we start streaming live worldwide tomorrow.
they thought id know the combination, but i dont know it.
get the camera out.
you said shes fire and would burn on touching.
thanks to you, the king and queen signed their kingdom over to me.
i never saw these.
ive already chosen.
what mr. cobb is trying to say
whered he go?
it looks like a substantial blow.
well, i cant wait.
that im actually doing this.
well, whats he doing in my plant?
its none of your damn business, you know.
and when you do, you should tell him everything, the whole truth.
she already picked out a dress. its pink.
and if she says yes?
super 68 is out. over.
what were you doing there?
you wanna see my clearance?  maybe ill just leave this here with you.
how do you know that?
baby, right now, in this room...
trauma kits forward, on the bulk head.
just open right up to the ladies.
hurley, its ok if youre lost.
i sure have...big as life!
oh! so hes pitambar jalan.
howd he do that?
you agree you are an agent with fringe division.
no, please dont bring the paint in okay.
i think it was in a dream.
what if someone sees us searching harrys room?
youre exactly right, jack.
hes stealing my tv!  she hit me!
you know where you hope this train will take you but you cant know for sure.
you talked me into pushing that button once, john, but its yours now.
thats the reason ive combined my army..
why are they after you?
thats my billy boy! what up, larry?
yeah. boys gotten big.
hes standing there, hes drinking my whiskey.
excuse me, im looking for frank barnes?
i dont have cameras under there.
right now youll be killed on sight
maybe you could tell us why you want to meet the president?
signals to the militia that were coming!
thats the last of the milk.
if all they want is her, maybe we should let her go.
how say you and the handsome young man stuff me double?
it can develop later in life when you add a new strain to the eyes. like with reading.
i cant even imagine.
dhanraj and my guru are spreading news that we are two people.
i didnt see anything sir.
but the island isnt done with you yet.
im sorry. i didnt want it to end like this.
your fathers the medical examiner.
if you do that again...
you gotta slow down. youre not thinking.
that wasnt there when i locked up. ill go call the police.
bus fare back to ramadi.
or what, little man?
you show up here after all this time with this woman you hated
norm, youve contaminated the sample with your saliva.
i put her down safe and sound.
yeah, it did...
my goals are beyond your understanding.
their love my son.
why didnt you call me?
one day his car was rigged with a bomb. it killed his wife and three young children instead.
on the top level, we open up his relationship with his father and say, i will not follow in my fathers footsteps.
actually, its 20 tons.
you can build a better company than he ever did.
it was during... during p.e.
well, lets see what weve got.
lets go home.
but this jungle is no good.
babe, you can stay here every night.
jesse, jake, lets go!
my hand has been in that box for hours now. it is dying.
30 mean thousands, right?
shes still about a week away.
i want you to have this for luck.
howd you hurt your leg?
i cant call it, gentlemen.
i need your sisters cooperation to make her agree for the marriage.
well run you up to the house.
a lot of the villages in this part of the earth kingdom are occupied by the fire nation, like this village was.
he was with me.
oh, no. dont be.
howd you find this place?
the police are treating him as a fugitive.
after i set the leg.
im from the fedcal bank, downtown la.
you keep quiet daddy.
reconnected the processor.
i wanted to...
i want help.
its anxiety. its in your head. yes.
whats that terrible smell?
look, i just need to talk to him for five minutes.
his throat was slit.
thats marathi not hindi.
what makes you think i can find him?
it brings me happiness, even if i am damned regardless.
and ii promise i wont get angry.
well, since you won, how about it?
there it is, the boat!
theyre gonna fix you up.
no ones that lucky. we shouldnt have survived.
you dont have to see donner to know where he is, just throw it.
whats in the box?
i was outside.
by the time i got there, it was clear my father was not only incapacitated, but that he had also severed the patients hepatic artery, which, in my professional opinion,
she was carrying that red bag when she left the hospital.
esca, i order you.
to hell with yourfood!
they were looking for someone old and they were looking for someone with the same markings the boy had.
you could have dated these ahead if you wanted me to stay here.
keep moving, keep moving, keep moving!
nice job, you guys. you were animals!
my government will never negotiate for me.
other peoples brains yours and mine shut out the same information.
i heard he took on three.
how long have you been together?
look at his tattoos.
if it werent for me, youd be walking.
what kind of a man does that?
whats the sudden interest in greg?
they will, that is law.
while youre all asleep in 528, i wait for yusufs kick.
that allows us to get right in the middle of that process.
tommy, i have two little girls sleeping in a parking lot at three in the morning.
okay, all right. good night.
i said out!
and then one day, theyre all gone. they just disappeared.
its over here for us anyway.
i  radzinsky. i got this.
yasho, why are you like this?
what a figure, buddy!
what did you do, you soof a bitch?
why dont you and your wife come for dinner one night?
its time to go.
whos gonna stand up and testify for you once youre dead?
were not getting a response.
youre forgetting yourself.
hold on, phil. sighs
claire i know this is it. its here.
youre, like, 16.
embry, do you remember him making that distinction?
off to see the hostiles, are you?
what are you called?
man, nothing over here too.
take him away!
i mean, if hes the one on the left.
sun sets in 90 minutes, give or take. if we want to get back to the hatch, we have to hustle.
what if we invited the moucheboumes for dinner?
shes his wife?
this is serious.
we think saving janet broke the chain.
you gotta stop talking about that.
you will not cry or whine or laugh or giggle or sneeze or burp or fart!
whwhat do you think he is?
if im wrong, then ill die.
i will return.
should we see what the ocean is doing today?
this is tad16 on approach.
i conducted the opening ceremony of this pub.
..to change your life.
so everythings the same?
hey, tom. time to go to bed.
why are you running?
maybe if you took off your lana blinders, youd realize chloe likes you.
they scare me.
..that like zakir, i would make a happy life for myself.
my sister jeannie died when i was a boy.
just cant leave it alone, can you?
i love you.
lll spread my intoxication.
l didnt ask about him.
there was a fundamental debate whether your people came to rescue us or kill us.
looks like i got to find something else to call you now.
you cant stop the bleeding.
get over here in five minutes.
dont shoot him!
and people ask me
idiot, he raped completely... collective rape u know..in front of..in front of everyone!
but on my way back,
ive to go now.
an army could solve that for him.
helicopter went down in this sector two days ago.
im saying that he might be in... love with you...
prepare yourself for that possibility.
my name is charlie!
im pretty smart too.
guess well be seeing a lot of each other, then, huh?
shes alone at the hospital and youre here fixing.
hey, its ok.
sarah almost died.
..to buy a scarf..
if you see what ive for you, youll freeze like a statue.
im still here, bitches ...and i know everything.
sorry, i wasnt meant that way.
dont have the talk with me, please.
perfection is not just about control.
youre the luckiest boy in the world, because your mommy loves you very much and i love you very much.
not the owner too?
i just want you to get some separation from him.
clear, come on.
i can see light.
haah! dory haah!
maurice fischer just died in sydney.
locke! i told you i need those tps reports done by noon today.
so you gonna ask me to sit out of the fight, too?
the fact that youre here speaks volumes about the man that you are.
did it go through?
how about we go check out the gym?
i kept thinking id step off a cliff.
jake, you know i dont have a backup.
i never pressed the button.
well, i dont remember being on it either.
how much did my father pay you?
whatll you do with him?
i just felt it!
shes just thirteen!
yeah, you did.
hurley repeating fifteen, 1 6, 23, 42, four.
it wasnt even him that was texting her, it was my sisterinlaw.
nothings crashing down around you, lana, not while im here.
if my voice managed to entice your heart..
ive read your preprints both of them.
he was just a baby.
hes after me.
cause i need to.
im just taking whats mine!
it encourages killing or jihad as they call it, in the name of god.
so it was working.
who are you, dude?
but i warn you...
to keep you quiet about where youd been...
well, i didnt run.
ok. not dog, puppy.
no, officer, were aborting this now!
are you scared, little girl?
how do you know all this?
you seem a little off.
did you see, the nose doesnt come in between, stupid!
all youll end up with is a messiah complex and a lot of enemies.
you were probably weaving all over the road.
i got it. snuff out them torches.
just go tell locke, and hell kill it.
mama is always right!
luce takes care of my son.
i had a strange dream last night.
james? are you sure you know what youre doing?
what do you want?
or is it for you?
dont ever let them catch you!
im just gonna finish shaving.
i will see you both at 1100 monday morning for your scheduled interview, and your answers better match up on every account.
and how did she convince you,jack?
its pointless now.
okay. the vaults in the wall behind the bookcase.
i cooked myself some dinner, watched some tv.
first name, todd.
there goes the nose.
i did, because she wanted that, and i wanted her, and...
who are you people?
i thought he was seeing someone else.
or maybe this house was built on an old burial ground... and im unlocking an ancient curse.
viewer discretion is advised.
happy to tell you, soon as i get that kiss.
we can salvage the cables, but we need new bamboo for the mast. we need to fix the rudder before we even start to think about that.
she was scared.
softly please, try to remember.
you braved the weather to tell me that?
i wasi was just at dharma headquarters in ann arbor.
dory, do you see anything?
did you drop it?
i got it. yeah.
you know what they say about a prom dress, dont you?
thats good, scully.
no, were pretty isolated out there on the ranch, sort of like being sealed up in a little box.
good. now, dory, i want you to tell me...
it was like her.
someones orchestrating this.
good to see you again. pound cakes in the kitchen.
gonna see if i can track them.
gru, do you mind if i have a quick word?
go ahead, kiddo.
didnt love me.
dont kill dev
i had a dozen schools offer me full scholarships and then it all went away, just like that.
hurley, you dont have to do this.
moreover they say its good season for dons.
there werent any witnesses. i can only assume they found out he wasnt one of them.
you may live far from here, but i have heard of who you are and what you have done.
you can arrest the body, officer.
the grain car blew a seal!
it was just ridiculous...
everyones packin up.
you really think you can make a difference?
no. no, i dont want to go back.
a registry. names, what people look like, whos related to who.
i hate sightseeing.
why do i feel like this is the wrong way?
grid 325. motion sensor alarm was tripped.
you want to see face of pathans wife.
i, too, have encountered great disappointment, but in my eyes, you will always be one of the greats.
i am not victor any more.
i guess youre right.
just because youre living with them, doesnt mean you cant be one of us.
thats what its gonna take to pop this bitch.
hes right, sir
what can i say?
i remember you as a great treeclimber.
hand it to lana and tell her what happened. trust me.
you cant even beg properly.
these two died in the crash.
i really must assume control.  negative.
and then i moved away with my mum.
hit on the head with an iron rod.
youre all secure, sir.
you will be the most beautiful bride in the world!
i wanted you all to be the first to know.
you said you were looking for me.
he was setting out for a walk.
so what do you want to do in life?
i never knew my father!
there is a difference.
i dont know how many others know who you are, but when the word gets out, the killers are gonna be coming out of the woodwork.
where have you been?
juliet told jack it was a power station.
there are many reasons, im sure,
dont bullshit me, corporal.
sometimes when hes around, things happen.
ive already chosen veronica.
cant afford to lose ya.
hold your fire.
where did you find him?
if i cant win back my familys honor by being a soldier,
the navi say, every person is born twice.
a comment card?
well get you out of this!
thats great, chloe.
on whose sayso did you print this?
you push the button.
this is so not fair.
do you think i am?
but i wanna talk to him first. give me the damn keys.
he told me to leave him alone and let him do his job.
l missed you too baby.
just promise me one thing.
i think so.
dont go down there.
do you know how long it takes for those cups to decompose?
you got a problem with that?
rahul and jenny love each other.
yeah, why dont you take my place?
yes sir, yes sir, master tucker, motherfucker.
its in my blood i guess.
i need to get to the north shore, and quickly.
yeah, its kind of a long story.
lana lang. just look at his face, you dont even have to see it.
wheres my daughter?
im afraid it will hurt.
once youve crossed that line, you cant go back.
you didnt think i was going to stay forever, did you?
yeah, yeah. yeah, man, i know.
we continue to bring you live coverage of this breaking news event from the town of stanton.
look, i cant miss my flight.
well pretend its wartime.
ill keep that in mind.
sorry, ive just been kind of out of it lately.
read it lawyer.
hey.. whatve.. you.. ccc..
will you do something about that?
oh, no. genius, what happened?
you told me to drive fast.
listen, i know coming back here brings up a lot of memories.
now see..ive come first so im sitting with u..
its more dangerous.
yeah, well... bygones.
im kishore samtani, the owner of this fabulous casino.
im fine. thank you.
all right, not lance.
well, lets see who got off on the construction floor.
couldnt put my finger on it till he went outside.
now im making that choice for you.
funny you should say that.
not a word, welles.
hurley, where are you?
a single locomotive moves in from behind, catches up, hooks up and then brakes in an effort to slow it down.
surly guy, kind of a square jaw? carried a sig nine?
i already consider you a part of the family.
...least from the fan base when the red sox win.
what are you talking about?
im not asking to keep it on.
ill catch some other vehicle to bombay.
and theyre animals. and they could be anywhere, at any time.
wheres the train?
but i wouldnt know how to fly it.
we have many earth kingdom people under our control.
ive given up.
you ask a lot of questions.
..good fortune will smile upon me again.
no, i didnt.
im afraid its just gotten worse.
see, women are easy.
he either said we should go to the back of the throat...
how am i supposed to concentrate with you yanking on my hair all the time?
but even if they do, were talking about coupling at 10 times the normal speed in reverse.
have you heard about lanas meeting with kwan?
ill catch up with you later.
no, im just dropping her off.
get to the beach! now!
isnt it on the bedside table?
..to tread on this righteous path.
my friends are afraid youll run away.
now get out!
jack, theyre not here.
what are we doing, man?
lets do it!
aare atleast call me sometimes!
once theyve assembled, well move our men out of the hostile area...
need a hand?
your daughter is alive.
then the plane that i was on crashed on this island.
they patched it through to the radio room.
i too have news.
take this boy to the outhouse in the back garden.
well be fine.
perhaps if we had gotten to her earlier...
something... something, something.
okay, listen, forget these guys, okay?
a minute more of asskissing.
the dress he wears, the way he talks, the way he sees, everything will tell about him.
youre not here for the coffee, right?
so make yourselves at home.
we need to be there by 500, honey.
its not that. i dont mind helping out for a good cause...
i mean, sometimes i just... want to get away.
your raft was already on fire when he arrived.
just in case theres a next time.
rumor has it you cant.
hes got to go away.
im not sure time is something we got in great supply.
im here to see you, not them.
they didnt want to take the sedative for the trip.
okay. we should get a bunch of people to go.
good night, jack.
yeah, well, they cancelled it!
i know you.
so... what was this thing before you guys blew it up?
thats probably carl.
i gotta go.
roger that. im on my way.
theres a 6 chance that agent dunham will return to headquarters to surrender, an 11 chance that she will return to attack, a 21 chance that she will attempt to contact someone that she knows,
he ran off when i was ten.
in the gulf war, we knew what we had to do.
they shouldnt carry out their royal duties.
rahul, prem always helped others and us selflessly.
locke. you neglected to tell us about your condition.
get away from her.
hey whats up?
whats going on ladies?
and ringmaster never lets anything happen to his friends.
you knew, so i got as far away from you as i could.
im sorry, but its out of my hands.
very dull sir.
you ran a good campaign.
okay done, duggal sir.
you ok, buddy?
does anyone know where i can find the hostiles?
my name is lmmy, im from delhi.
where were you till now?
your love is more important. tell me now, dont you love me?
by the way fatty...
get my stuff to the laundry.
whos the president of the united states?
just washed it myself.
no... no... not because of you.
if this is a dream, and you have a safe full of secrets i need to know whats in that safe.
you, uh, check on that thing?
but all i know
you see the shoes that broad was wearing?
ijust want to know.
and thats how im gonna save sayids tomorrow.
l said i want to know it now.
listen, pull the fire alarm.
thats right. we all know what we have to do now.
feels like you have your diaphragm is in a bit of a contraction?
she doesnt even know where miles is. what?
i mean, the killer part is, you already know.
do i look ok?
thats what he wanted you to think, but you always have a choice.
he will be freed in a few moments.
trying to make myself useful.
you drug her out there.  your sister?
just like you.
food always comes to those who love to cook.
i said, follow them!
theres a battle ive lost
i dont remember anything.
take this gun and kill me.
i dont even know. its like shadowy figures.
ill drive them out with gas first.
every day, its the same thing
im gonna go to the hospital.
hey, youre not still freaked out about what happened in the woods yesterday?
you dont scare me.
it wouldnt be very strong if it did.
you wont understand it.
jenny darling, i cant live without you.
sir...how many prayers i had conducted in your home, i offer obsequies to the dead, why should i kill them?
youll be the one being banished.
pick another card.
we need to focus on the real question.
anything that happens before that is just progress.
he said if he goes there, why are you stretching it?
go faster, i know.
and if you kill me, thats one less pair of hands.
this is about your father, isnt it?
im scared.  me, too. arent you supposed to get down on your knee or something?
good heavens, im not that old.
i need the money now.
i went off to school in england. i came back, got recruited by the bureau.
i needed someone to take it out on. my bedroom was at the top of a flight of stairs.
why would you?
no. thanks. im sure it will turn up.
but thanks to lord macaulay..
that guy was one of the partners in my firm.
excuse me, sir. you got the time?
these were your fathers?
hi, a. a. khan.
come on, give me the blankets.
i cannot allow you to bypass security protocol.
as you all read in your briefing books, on day 103, a typhoon washed up the remnants of an indonesian fishing boat, including basic supplies and a survival raft.
and whats golf?
which fool hired you?
do you wanna say something?
well, not excessively.
what is this?
hi..everybody is here good morning sir..
may i present my nephew, marcus flavius aquila.
why did you then invite them?  i invited them wantonly.
i need you to pull us out in 10 seconds, do you copy?
what are you doing in here?
sayid would be proud.
somebodys in there.
securitys gonna run you down hard.
he put you in prison for life.
i like to think so.
what happened to you girls?  chuckles
help me get him up.
have you ever met charles?
whas up guys? biker 2 look what we found.
who told you?
how can this be true?
im not sure which key.
go home to mommy?
no. pregnant woman have extremely lucid...
it was his idea.
a girl is here, asking for you.
all seven of them?
we got static, snow, all kinds of distortions.
i heard your friend talking. his father must be in terrible pain.
you go out into the australian outback with nothing more than a knife and your wits.
i went with flowers for her daughter jenny.
how is robert fischers relationship with his father?
do you really want to give that creepy detective more reasons to question us?
all he needs is for you to id him.
pirates run aground on an island.
i should bring your sister up here to beat you.
whoever it is, odds are theyre going to understand this message.
here is the place dreams are born.
well, since your folks moved away.
why didnt you tell me?
i should have done this a long time ago.
give me one moment.
i mean its not like were bats or something..
ill check the generator. where is it?
i thought i will call now because later..
hell think he has arranged to kill them.
govind.... if even one among those two get a job in the campus interview..
its still pending.
you want to take a swing? michael, its your shot.
taking classes at hollis, and redoing the barn.
..theres a ruse behind their education policy as well.
is he one or two?
the only people ive met are agathas charitable group.
good food is like music you can taste, color you can smell.
i dont... ddid caroline tell you i have a condition that affects my memory?
why is that so surprising?
but think from a brothers point of view.
can we wait two seconds before we throw the kitchen sink at each other?
justice and punishment are the same thing to her.
the machine is dead, but the power source aint.
were gonna be all right.
you sprinkle a little money on it and hope the problem goes away.
cant my uncle do it? me?
well, you get to talk to the people youve lost... seems like a pretty wonderful thing to me.
it was sayid and desmond in the helicopter, right?
you dont understand.
has anybody seen my wife?
did you see him die?
but also so damned destructive.
good evening, sir. may i help you?
no ones as uptight as melissa.
ill take care of the kids!
our policy is that the body must have proper documentation.
whats this secret about 23, boss?
ryan, you just met chloe, and she hates dresses and shes not exactly the prom type.
look, somethings come up.
mr. milich, ive obviously left things a bit late tonight.
my god, brother what have you done?
i cant do that. manual override failed.
well well just have to see which one of us is right.
nobody remembers the man who ever came second!
you just dont have what it takes.
get the hell away from me!
well, i figured in your condition, with the extra baggage, you know.
im having second thoughts.
you were peeking from the edges.
you want to hear the kicker?
when youre ready to discuss them, call me.
every little bit helps.
what are you doing here?
how long am i supposed to wait, sun?
well, uh, lets, uh, go outside and talk about it.
but this time you didnt spend the money on parties and sports cars.
okay, we got a problem now, man.
im over at rose and bernards tent...
its every strange event thats happened due to the meteors.
eventually, a birds got to leave the nest.
man, im feeling something.
who the fuck is he?
i have a boat.
ego is coming, and i need to focus!
i know about the food.
nobody got the answer?
what the hell does that... mean?
video game beeping i guess thats a no then.
we did it.
one for you, one for me.
this is no time to get adventurous.
is one minute... of someones time.
not luthor, bro.
i owe you one.
they are not after you, they are after me.
these are the guys were breaking out with.
how you feeling, by the way?
do you know who the biggest shareholder is?
i dont say nice things about my dad?
i shot one of them.
now youre gone... finished!
no. we must go.
i left a few days ago.
this is the restaurant youre taking me tonight. 8.00.
are you happy?
why didnt you get remarried? after mom.
what i do understand is a man does what he does cause he wants something for himself.
you didnt say anything about the way you look.
its like i said, we got to stop being cons start being civilians.
no, im good. thanks.
just give me a sign..
and not just at the dragons keep, but every day since.
m.m all these enginneers call me milli meter milk, egg, bread, wash clothes, iron clothes, filling journals, copying assignment let it be any work tell me!
i think wed better get started.
they are made up of lethal wave energy.
im taking them to the bomb.
charlotte  justno, just go!
no point changing the combination if you can get in through the air vent.
im here to pick up the kid from the beanery assault, take him into custody.
all right, well, im serious, a little bit of press,
i assume were doing this at night.
did you bring the kit?
you opened the safe for him.
but were going to deliver cookies! come on!
my doctor says i have about a year... maybe a little longer.
but then i m sure hes the sort of man who wouldnt mind if we danced.
tell me, why are you really back?
you dont seem like youve been raised in london.
okay, im now officially weirded out.
pentagon officials are warning more ships have just arrived over the capitals of india, england, and germany, bringing estimates up to between 10 and 15 of these citysize spacecraft.
i dont understand something.
tell your master the skins are fine.
we dont know if ranchos married or not? wat!
it was like a ghost.
i would not!
ill trade you.
the ditch had a gun?
thats what rich people do, collect stuff.
no, he said 815. he said, flight 815. they know our flight number because goodwin knew our flight number.
thats what she was saying.
since you are my very distant relatives second cousin..
kind of missed cocktail hour.
would you like to meet your real mothers and fathers?
hes always in town for so little time, lecturing.
the guys got a clean sheet.
oh, you meant to.
i guess it comes down to a simple choice.
that guy has it in for me.
i think its right that you should keep her stuff safe til she gets back.
do you think i am a fool?
when the change strikes lifes rhythm
actually, thats exactly what they did.
page came from your dads office at the arcade.
at cybertronics, the artificial being has reached its highest form.
we should get going.
i knew youll not sign the agreement. didnt i tell you?
but she, she never lost faith in you.
why didnt you tell me you quit your job?
nobodys going to be doing any calling here, doctor.
disconnect the call now, ive to give customer the bill.
i mean my look alike.
little tom thumb was called tom thumb because he was as little as a thumb.
im just sorry i let this go on for so long.
theyre the enemy, bruno.
oh, easy there, tiger.
i ran into faraday and that woman...
well, damn, i couldve brought both yall in. why didnt you find a way to tell us you were out here?
margaret, will you marry me?
were going to a place called the orchid, hugo.
but the innocent and helpless..
what did he say?
whats happening is that youre bleeding to death.
because if thats what you want, i can make that happen right now, my friend.
um, i need to talk to the pilot.
im leaving with or without you.
well talk again.
i dont want anything... i got my wish...
i just needed to get away from everybody.
doc had gone home for the night.
brother please, do not attack the sky people.
stop it, youre killing him!
we finish the job before the next kick.
it would have been a lot safer.
nice suit, doc. not exactly island wear. try this.
kate are you sure about this?
does the statute of limitations on my fathers threat expire?
dont spare anyone, take him to boss.
can i hold him?
im trying to figure out which poor bastards should get the ax.
its just... a mans life is at stake, and maybe your son can help him.
now this tape will be telecast on all the news channel.
ok, we have a doctor for you.
but i couldnt understand.
look, anu poojas death had nothing to do with your fear.
and now i think im under the same curse.
he gets into a public altercation with the guy, so, he gets fired.
you cant be serious.
despite your loyal service to this island, you got cancer...
but i was kinda hopin he wanted the job, though.
doctor, he just got up.
i am mr. eko.
we talked together in boston.
it wants us to run.
all right, you alien assholes!
maybe it will last forever.
you need a light?
yes, kate, i did because he said that that was the only way that i could keep you safe, you and aaron.
isnt it ram?
its isolated in the containment lab, sir.
just a minute, i have one.
she is in the vault room. you are not in the vault room with her.
you remember your lines, right?
im the boss.
theyre planning to kill you.
get a huge international matlockass lawyer who knows russian law.
you. you mr. repair man.
ive been following him. what?
its one am. say, whats the matter?
what do you think im doing over here?
you and i have a lot to talk about, dont we, fish?
but i need you to push.
he is waiting outside and im calling him in...
i think i should go now.
whats it about? being gone for a year.
ls she in the bedroom?
you peel potatoes.
freeze ray! im having a bad, bad day if you take it personal, thats okay
felony murder rule cubes up your sentence, and here you are.
how dare you touch me!
was he hard on you?
youll be killed
its over. goodbye, gru. now, i know there have been some rumours going around that the bank is no longer funding us.
thats basic real estate law, my friend.
sorry, sir, our computer doesnt have the detail of your bill.
i dont know if im executive material anymore.
its a waste of time.
bill france sr. conceived nascar in 1947 during a meeting in daytona, florida.
the prenatals.  you could have just asked.
i know my way around a sailboat.
that everything is connected.
now i gotta go inside and change all my clothes.
hes fine, hes fine. we have to trust him, martha.
shes my daughter.
you know what the orchid is?  no.
guys, hold up.
im not talking about abruzzi.
i know its disappointing.
aare,its our farhan yaar!
you won and i lost.
yeah, tell us about that.
now. my turn.
you think its important?
yeah, by several leaps and bounds, but ill look into it.
its impressive. thats good research.
its been a while,
all are fine, select and pick what you like.
well, yeah. thats a good idea.
alright, put him on. we could use all the help we can get.
dear me, no.
dont touch that boot! here, just wrap it up with this.
i thought you werent coming!  im sorry.
how do you take it?
at the rate were using our oxygen in here, that wont be too long.
sometimes you find them on the ground.
oh, ive got it checked off already. thanks, anyway.
most of them are back at the beach.
so wasnt it love?
dont even try to escape.
its that hes a doctor, right?
i blocked the road and cut him off.
..my girlfriend as yours.
maybe i misunderstood, but i thought you had to bring everyone back.
you studied books, i studied humans.
ive never seen him so...
i dont know how long im going to last.
i mean, are you having second thoughts?
what kind of a nanny is she?
..and hes not a small kid.
ill make you a deal.
i need to talk to you.
ive been calling all over the place.
you had me for a moment. i thought you were serious.
just like youre throwing these old bills on the ground..
they basically just dont think like that.
hey, man, why dont you try?
sacrifices will have to be made.
you cant change nature.
i mean, have you taken a look at everybody out there?
we are gonna make a great team.
claire told michael and i that this attacker tried to inject her with something.
in case you think of something.
daddy, she has a lover.
luthorcorp. didnt kill lanas parents.
well, i better keep mine in.
thats your pitch?
tell you what ill introduce you around, make you feel right at home.
nothing and no one. listen carefully, bob.
theres a squid on my face!
once we give you the all clear, then you bring the bomb.
ill start by testing your level of knowledge on the subject.
no, no, i wanna know. no, jack.
maybe err you take this accident thing a bit too hard.
help! help me!
the pledge that youve taken to annihilate the enemies..
but all those dharma dudes end up dead.
i love you, cassie.
it set to take a life, perhaps our own.
no.. means u r a scientist?
damn. anyway, every once in a while, one of us kills one of them.
are you fucking crazy! ?
ah, lex, what has he done, what has he done?
just close your eyes and go to sleep.
i dont want anything more from you..
go to her when she is alone and tell her something that only her true love would know.
clu was my creation.
what if it doesnt pass us by?
nikkis sugar level is normal.
he had a photo of our daughter in here.
whatre you doing?
why didnt you say?
let him go!
no, its my mess.
we had an agreement.
do you have any tips?
im afraid somethings happened.
madam yashoda, we need your help.
whats your story?
its not something you can teach.
give me a break!
i will not have my daughter shes not your daughter.
why are you lying to me?
its ok. its ok. youre all right.
so i came back to tell you.
should i have a lawyer here?
john, just calm down.
he came to see his daughter. my daughter was on your plane.
okay. lets go. lets go.
his name is prem.
what you think it means?
hi, im mary.
whether it becomes a current event, now thats up to you.
but he also had a good time first.
lm carrying one.
are you crazy? what relevance a ball in a net or a fruit rollup or a poptart has to do with my relationship with andrew?
first off, shes not an it.
i just dont know what they are.
it has answer to all questions.
he started keeping a record.
l realize that...
the humans. theyll stop at nothing.
...savages about it.
dont underestimate miraz as your father did.
wanna spruce up?
youre inviting me along cause you want a gun?
hey, dont worry about it.
the tickets were meant as a gift.
can they be killed?
i dont agree.
come on, dad, its time for school.
if you need any money..
what happened to you?
were just a little concerned about this newfound strength you have.
they came at us like animals.
what are you doing here?
he stopped crying was just sitting there watching tv on a little blackandwhite.
you mean, we leave him alive?
its not my problem. its yours.
look, im sorry, mrs. khan. i truly am.
come back then!
building 3. chinchpokli bunder. khau galli.
yes, thats wrong.
ocean water will make you thirsty.
180 by 100...
dont disappoint me.
if your fathers not in the air in 20 minutes...
..whether youre suited for her or not.
you are not get hurt, so just calm down
and the world is singing and dancing with us.
you heard the lady.
i was not afraid of it.
how would i know?
yes, you will.
youre not married to her anymore, then.
do you know this story?  no.
goffena, put them in.
now, keep them flowing, for the bottom petals will be given to stew, while i set up the alembic.
..but i havent experienced the joy of atonement.
here you go.
whats this twist?
so i asked him for his notes, and he just handed over his notebook without even asking my name, and i said
yes, this was the only animal available by the name of prada.
let me guess.
i dont know where she is!
connie, youre up awfully early this morning.
technique was lousy, but youve got power.
when is the air support getting here?
my daughter, mr shephard.
will you hand me the tape, please?
hes back inside, mrs. kent. i tried to stop him. im sorry
ill give you a powerful man.
see you at lunch.
right now, one thing is clear
daruwala, church is here.
im sure hed be glad youre thinking about him.
hi sweetie, meeting with the lawyer tonight.
youre not gonna answer me?
didnt he sleep?
to live the life of an ogre... no worries, no responsibilities.
no one would ever know.
count of monte crisco.
come on baby.
but then i saved him.
im not scared of anyone. no!
you feel a break?
hey, kent. i saw your arm out there.
how are you feeling now, mandy?
the names jackson, by the way.
get them, get them, witches!
it means more protection for you.
what the hell is it anyway?
actually, a big music director
i hope moving up the coast will make a difference.
ill pay you cash.
i saw him beating our men.
by now their imaginations are running wild.
if i knew i was gonna meet the president, i would have worn a tie.
a surprise for your birthday.
you finally learned how to tie your own shoes?
i will keep this love with me..
and where is mine?
and seize all suspects within.
thats bad luck.
whats he doing here? !
he always said you were such a frigid little girl.
whats this brother? youre so happy!
whatever it was seemed important.
you dont worry, pithre.
so you guys have the rest of the day to get acquainted with your security protocol handbooks waitin in your new digs.
i beat him.
i didnt go to mumbai for work..
if youd like, sir.
dad, wake up!
that is really, really poisonous.
we were afraid you werent going to, you know, show up.
just... this foldedup bird made of paper.
and today, were gonna take him out of the incubator so you can hold him for the very first time.
it was very bitter.
vishal, do you know?  looking very pretty!
to the pacific for our next report, where a cluster of meteors is predicted to enter our atmosphere in the early hours tomorrow morning.
yeah. the mexican jews here to save your bony white ass.
all my friends have been there!
you want to follow the e.a.c.
but, i mean, you saw the pool. you take heat out of water, you get ice.
i aint never knocking over a liquor store again context.
they make me take tests.
can you check this?
the wind carries the messages.
i had only sam with me.
everything in here runs through me.
this room is on my rounds. what are you doing here?
man makes his own luck!
were just commencing liftoff.
i decided to join the work force.
you are a lifesaver.
i plan on running photos and bios of all the candidates, including you, felice.
hes in danger. weve got to do this.
did you hear about the accident last night?
heard you did a triple axel off of her a few hours ago.
no, no, no. dont show me specifics.
it isnt me.
no, i mean your name.
cair paravel was attacked.
im gonna work less.
i bought two tickets.
just my mom, and i never saw my dad again.
and i was angry because i thought it was your fault.
if he thinks he can come and spy on us
will you marry me?
ill talk to you later.
i shall call him squishy, and he shall be mine.
ill get a job of 2 lakh salary in a snap.
they operate flights from small airfields across the midwest, like the one ten miles from here.
i say we take his whole foot.
these arent jack or sawyer.  whoever you are, come out now!
i played this drama for the promise given to my father.
excuse me. coming through. excuse me.
she means nothing to me.
you know, you would have got away if you hadnt saved him.
i didnt know that was you.
fast, like a fireman.
nasa estimates that they are not hitting the water at terminal velocity.
she hates me.
failing to act is just plain dumb.
now way...cmon guys.
its nothing. its a carburetor burn.
he wont leave us alone.
one slip, and youyoull hit the gas pipe.
howd you learn all this stuff?
youre a good girl, hanna.
look, i told you, im away because im working, right?
im worried about you.
hes jinxed. unfortunate. he is badluck.
dustin, back off.
i am so sorry.
how does widmore know about the island?
about six months left to go i get a new cellmate in.
who do you think it is?
ramona, did i ever show you the proper way... to crack a hardboiled egg?
you could have killed him.
uh, looking for a princess in portland?
we are mated for life.
still in the service?
papa and i will always be there for you.
then who are they?
thats your next big plan?
its okay, honey. its just thunder. will!
stealing isnt the way to solve our problems.
dont sell it.
its too late.
joe jr, your daddy always loves you.
no, no. no, im fine.
you practically busted my knee.
but his work.
..and begins his married life.
officer wilson heres gonna be my compass.
major must believe that youre his son till my job is done.
you owe me that much, jack.
it was during the purge.
see where theyre going!
sorry, i got held up.
your job is to get people to where they need to get to?
with amor and psyche by plissier?
you know, food.
one of your fathers soldiers, i suppose.
that was awesome! you blew up the whole thing!
sure, just a second.
only just a mission!
were lying because its the only way to protect everyone that didnt come back.
i walked over to the cabinet, and i...
well find him.
youll be employee of the month in no time.
its too far!
ill just find myself out in the woods.
body has multiple fracture injuries consistent with a high fall of more than 20 feet.
ill always be there...
ill tell you, lad...
donkey, you did it!
..has fixed her marriage into a wealthier family.
theyre my past, martin.
all this time, right under you.
no, no. no, i didnt.
where we give a crap.
thats a good one, boss!
where did sawyer find one of these, anyway?
that one actually gave me a hell of a tussle, but you have to get inside the mind of the fish, you know?  i dont believe you.
last week, most of us were strangers.
whyd you go?
great, i understand.
i get where youre coming from, being a doctor and all.
we are told to report to the government any information..
youve killed two people outside, ill look after the cases.
as long as we get to kill some vampires.
then we can think about the pretty girls.
youve two choices, ahaana. you can take the other path too.
pull the pins, youre right.
you set me up?
it will drag the world to the grave.
dont go to the lawyers...
our reputation is hanging by a thread as it is.
actually, its a very good idea.
thats what the tourists pay to see.
no, im sorry, sir.
..that i had aspergers syndrome.
i wont tell.
heres your book.
where do we begin?
i dont need your help.
look, i am really clean now.
if youre going to take me on, son youre gonna have to bring your game up to a whole different level.
and when i try to be original, she just shoots me down.
to explain the bloody pants theyd already planted in his apartment.
whats he saying?
water comes after air in the cycle.
im not technically breaking any of his rules.
the presidents ordered an evacuation.
four months ago, i was part of the search party.
you mean, is he not my son?
okay, so this could be some sort of psychotic reaction.
just make sure you come back
and do you know who he is?
see you tomorrow, harry.
he had a travel agency.
hes just never done that before.
you might wanna fasten your seat belt.
... whats wrong with you...?
were not referring to telmar.
she said i didnt have a father.
bill, i probably... .
well, at least weve got something in common.
how can a comet be dangerous?
you threw away your flowers.
you look beautiful.
my bad luck life is in your hands.
how was school?
hes making fire out of nothing!
you want one?
where is my daughter?
i thought you went back to the apartment.
ive got tone.
this is a 30caliber m1 garand rifle.
we were cutting through the rock, right on your specs.
have you forgotten that we all crashed on this island?
lets form it up, lets go!
shreya im going back...
im curious to know the answer myself.
that must have been when you woke me up.
whats gonna happen to them?
oh, besides, i have an appointment with your wife in ten minutes. great.
look, hes your dad, right?
didnt it look bigger in the catalogue?
will there be similar people?
..theyll cause only grief.
68 coming out.
whose blood is that?
all you give a fuck about is coke and xbox now youre trying to play it off like you care about shyne?
so, is this all hes been doing every day?
how can you be so sure?
she got sick?
their goddess made up of all living things.
cross my heart, promise.
the sick girl.
im gonna get back to the hatch, but ill come back in a couple hours and check on him again, ok?
it cant be, but it looks like preslows keys.
just trust me on this. i will find you.
this thing is going to blow at any second.
this is very good work, roger.
youre speaking about police case.
were here for him.
i can still fix this.
how can i also act?
can we just get to the shed?
muthu, dont mess it up, understand.
as the former head of the cia, you knew about this place.
why cant you go home?
its more than you ever got from her.
a waterbending scroll.
no hot water...
you know what im saying, komal.
i honestly dont know.
its all right. its not...
so thats the fourth time weve passed that tree in the last two hours.
no. but i dont think anyone wants to get off as much as i do.
no way am i leaving my father and going anywhere.
from now on, no more food. just this.
did you see how close i was?
thank you. that was amazing.
it will melt if he cooks more.
you snobs! you first kick me, then kick the food lts food.
thankfully we washed up on shore.
except for this place. lex says that they triggered an alarm inside the vault.
get those helicopters away from the ship.
ive got the moon! i can make it! wait a minute!
what the hell, man?
when are you going to put your past behind you?
do you play?
youre the shame of france.
okay, now... rewind it just a hair.
i dont see it.
now turn your fishy tails around... and swim straight on through to sydney!
does your wife mind waiting outside?
the faculty is completing midyear reviews.
for our college culture fest?
arzt lts not just the teenagers.
i dont even keep money in my purse anymore, ive been hiding it.
now, get the hell out of here.
oh, i dont know.utah?
i think youll like your room. its on the quiet part of the ship.
jenny, what happened?
is that coaster still on the main?
all her religious crap...?
take the money, and leave me.
i can take care of myself.
dont you want to inquire about the girl, her boy friends and affairs?
anyway, the fbi guy told me it would feel like i was in mourning.
sometimes good command decisions get compromised by bad emotional responses.
im here to rescue you.
why would fate do that?
its okay. its okay, baby.
why did you come?
must be a lot of fucking camel debt.
because one of them is my mother.
i cant say right now.
you phoned me and called me here.
mmm. cause it was brilliant. brilliant timing.
got lacrosse today?
why did you tell me you were poor?
were fucking rich!
she wrote the book.
what are you doing at this hour here, seenu?
i end up with a tumor on my spine and my daughters blood all over my hands.
nice and sexy!
when he makes a mistake, theyll move in.
hi. here are all your keys.
i just stopped being a doctor.
what the hell are you doing?
well were wasting time.
every time, you do the same thing!
judy, it was a real pleasure.
everyone who stays here is going to die.
you two have been attached at the hip all week.
you wont get away!
i dont like that.
no matter how hes, hes our boss.
hello vishal, doctor mathur speaking..
how did you find out? one of the nurses came to get me.
i mean you specifically.
ok, you handle the deal.
im gonna need numbers.
you might as well ask him not to breathe
most commercially available brands of tea are not suitable to my palate.
true inspirations impossible to fake.
dont close it.
youre safe now, all right?
do you want this baby?
what is weak and what is strong?
but she had a shrine to lex in her room.
the winners will feed the losers...done deal
you always have to wake up.
hey narsing, you promised duggal to kill the man who stole money from him.
youre saying no to a nursing mother?
boosted a city work van.
you got three seconds to drop it.
im not leaving forks.
oh, shit, that hurts, huh?
leave her alone.
why have you come rohan?
i see now.
it was like a beautiful bird flapped into our drab cage and made those walls dissolve away.
its a defense mechanism.
well, you didnt expect him to make it easy for you.
sometimes, me and iris have these moments,
will have to mark the target with infrared strobes to prep for air strike.
they played bugs bunny cartoons before the movie started.
captain. mayhews just died.
i dont want you to take this the wrong way, jim...
hes very honest, let him do his job. lets do ourjob.
what are you doing out there?
no, no, no. these are, like, red.
thank god. are you all right?
they took cindy less than a mile from our camp.
no, im here to discuss veronica donovan.  what about her?
david had never had a birthday because hed never been born.
my father sent me here to study.
theres nothing else we can do, right?
never turn your back on your enemy.
thank you. shes with her grandmother in seoul.
thats her blood.
you know they only live for eight hours?
were running low on hexite.
fucking help me!
we were outnumbered, but i escaped.  outnumbered, eh?
all i wanna know is if this guys telling the truth.
they shouldve sent a medivac.
i got it, matt.
i said get the fucking sand rat up here! whats wrong with you?
be nice, its a new car!
but where was i in control of myself?
who the hell is this guy?
i couldnt get any of them.
ill take anything, i want a break.
a little louder, omar. maybe then shell understand you.
thats a great idea.
i cant believe you bet against him.
generations of luthors would beg to differ.
bella alice, i saw him.
the rest of us have been here for the past three years.
the numbers have already surpassed payperview, thanks to the frankenstein commercial.
which means that unless mr. scofield has done something i dont know about, he is going to stay here at fox river under my watch.
hell pay for it dearly.
maybe you are just a lonely old man that crashed on an island.
not like we remember it.
your doctor has a gun, brother.
so, either devon pulls your plug, or you get yourself another driver.
competitions pretty stiff.
give me his name.
i saw it with my own eyes.
yes. lts enough for me.
if you pay 3000, ill come anywhere.
lully loved them.
someone shot him while he was sleeping.
he certainly wanted to protect it.
these objects were completely undetected until they entered our atmosphere.
im getting two for dad.
do any of you have any idea what happens to dynamite in 90plus degree heat? huh?
puja, open the door.
after you get kate, meet us at the long beach marina, slip 23.
just...  can you just go?  why dont you just tell me?
dude, its a big job.
i kept the secrets
what happened to the body?
this tape is a lie.
ill get you a way out of here that nothing can stop.
all right? ill take care of this.
he is going to die.
i have a ra...
hes enjoying with madam in back seat.
why wont you listen.
yeah, i love xfiles, too. i hope you get to see it.
makes you wonder if youre with the right guy.
would you like a towel?
you come through now, we got these people right where we want em.
you thought you heard her scream.
were gonna move now.
deals off. forget it.
you believe i have a soul, and i dont.
now smell it!
everyone is back.
im not gonna do it.
dont bet with me you might regret.
okay, so navy boy likes it.
what will you do to call the other person?
we should help.
only true loves kiss can break your contract!
tina, nothings gonna happen to your mom.
how much amor and psyche do you want?
its a goddamn mess, ill tell you that.
can you pass the cereal?
was it your parents divorce?
so theyll know who theyre up against.
and im gonna spend the rest of my life trying to pay it back.
ive got three words for you
its crazy where youll look when you want to find something bad enough.
boy, did i.
now hes defiled too.
bring em up.
can you draw it?
well, you re gonna have to wait and see.
shoot, susan! shoot!
please stop abusing and take care of the body.
do you know whats so nice about doctors?
its common in europe. you lost just a silly bag.
did he say anything?
i dont want to look like a dimwit in front of mrs. moucheboume.
shes clearly got a thing for you, lex.
aah! all right! ill talk!
oops sorry dad.
i used to think it was.
yes, its my style.
i came by to share this with you.
can we get the next plane?
joe, come on, i...
youll have to ask em when they get here.
sun was with him.
she will take papa away from us...
then he dies.
no. we need you here.
i cant find anything in this office!
dont make excuses.
ive made my decision.
the xrays and pictures!
hes an unfortunate man.
time to wake up.
why dont you go outside and shoot some hoops?
does that mean i have no place in this house anymore?
the terms of the truce say you gotta identify yourself as a hostile, or we got the right to shoot you.
i think i have to go over there and show my face.
youre trying to dance.
shes gonna take it to the next level.
i figured you wouldnt be opposed to grand theft auto.
this things not goanna leave us alone.
she called him dad. id have followed them,
wrapped around your ankles
which product will make me beautiful?
are you ok?
look, give me the key!
hey, im hobart.
since i saw that car perform.
whatever it is, im happy to finally get out in the field.
... therewillbe themost dire consequences for you...
i cant be khans wife right now.
which work is that, john?
its like one day everythings going okay and then...
im gonna climb this tree  and attach an antenna.
now stand down, martin, or i will fire.
what do you think happened?
do the roar.
we both know i cant do that.
yeah. and its mine.
why wouldnt i have seen him?
youre lucky to see me free today.
but if hes seen outside it, hell be shot.
something wrong, charlie?
the decoupage box that he made where hed taken the time to cut out tiny, little pictures of himself.
and i have made the most important discovery of my career,
yeah. not the redneck.
keep it coming!
shell not come.
if i had my magic wand with me right now youd be here in a second...
thomas the apostle when jesus wanted to return to judea, ...knowing that he would probably be murdered there, ...thomas said to the others, ...let us also go, that we might die with him.
just thought she would have called by now.
ahaana, please forgive me!
how can i marry daijaan?
it eats people.   laughing
im sajid don.
just perceptive, i guess.
no! hold on, i got you.
does anybody know how to use a gun?
and here i was thinking the irish drink when somebody dies.
it was my husbands, but... he got sick.
jarrod, oh my god?
couldnt they have been satisfied with what they had?
blood type, b negative.
damn. time to go rape me some fine bitches.
this is whats been fucking with us?
no,michael,i said left,left,right,
just keep your eyes on the damn road!
i cant get him!
hey, shannon, there are no others!
and itll spread through the entire country.
not him, lets ask in the shop next to him.
of course. may i see your passport, please?
they might need my help
you better find yourself a runway, daddy, cause there aint a lock i cant pick.
i cant accept your request!
if for no better reason...
i dont want to constantly have to wash my paws.
the deadline in the will expires in less than a month!
all i could think was,its about time.
kitt,i have classified files.
look, i just wanted to apologize.
i dont have the ly of choice here, doctor.
why are you showing me this?
how did you get out?
virgil, you rock.
nice, cornfed farm girl like you.
thats why these are here.
can i trust you to do what needs to happen here?
they have a bigger agenda than us and get nasty quick if things dont go their way.
to get that book anyhow.
they are the biggest things on earth!
what are you talking about, you spent a year in paris!
be well, john.
hey, that hols illegal! embry
now, thats karma.
..i will be there.
im speaking from personal experience here.
cobb, im coming with you.
but the question is now, why now?
whats the worst that could happen?
these arent pyjamas! this is a warmup suit.
its me calcutta meta.
i loved him as much as you did.
youre gonna be a rock god.
you remember him, dont you?
i think hes very snoopy, send him away.
well still have 13 more to shoot each other with. come on.
do you really think you can fly that thing?
its hell on a woman.
i think youve never actually tortured anybody in your life.
i saw them pull wine from the pallet. ok?
you going to tell me about the transfer?
oh, my god, i think hes dead.
you know, sometimes,
i think theres usually someone in the office around 2 or 3.
if i see you again in switzerland, ill cut and fill it with chilly powder.
cheap sausages dipped in batter and deep fried. you know, american. cheap sausages dipped in batter and deep fried.
please, dont do that.
you got for your birthday.
i am not crazy.
add that one to the list, dan.
i thought you might be able to tell me more.
..as the murderer of your own son.
do you remember anything about those guys? there was one thing.
yeah. yeah, i guess. a little.
see you later, guys.
sam, tell me what happened.
shes pretty shaken up but i think shes gonna be fine.
you know, i kept hearing this phrase.
i appreciate your support.
hey, what are you doing?
now, wheres that cell phone?
thats plenty of time.
chandu is like sweet in skirt.
the snitch gave a sniff of good news.
claire, what if one of those bullets had hit you or the baby?
beezus, what are they talking about?
well, its possible that your parents have come to some sort of understanding that you dont know about.
its perfect. thank you for the loaner. looks great on you.
why dont you go back?
i told you about their mind tricks.
to master water, you must release your emotions, wherever they may lead you.
did you hear it?
get me the keys for these chains.
a lot of serious therapy.
what are you doing in my swamp?
we have to take him away now.
you really saw it?
but noise is a lie.
the church is going to fall.
youre a smart girl, walsh.
if thats what you really want, ben. if thats what you want.
two things never happened again after that.
they found something. come on!
hes just like his daddy who knows exactly what im thinking.
please come over here and check them out.
these caves make too good a shelter just to be used for burial.
thats why i need you.
come here, you.
peanut butter cookies...
i mean, all he wanted was that no one else raise your baby, right?
darker times call for darker methods. his opponents thought he was invincible.
whyd they let me go?
the walkabouts we arrange here are not just some stroll through the park.
so why dont you do me a favour and get in that back compartment.
so i decided to say yes.
thats what really happens.
come back again. when youre ready.
seal this up now! nobody sees or touches this.
where will be he be then?
were all convinced sooner or later, jack.
try obsession.  he wants off this island bad, man.
i did what you asked me to do.
well, shes up in chemo.
i was trying to save your damn kid.
theres a don in every street of tamil nadu.
mukesh duggals son?
makes no difference now, does it?
im gonna blow the dam, john.
delivery for dufresne.
i was outside.
well hold down the corner.
it was just a shadow, but it was definitely movement.
now you say jacks got a bomb.
and what about you, man?
stop burning that stuff.
ive been thinking and i believe ive figured something out.
shes my life.
dad. look, dad...
all right, man, turn it off.
you must be pretty scared.
is he your son, aunt?
not the best branding as far as were concerned, but it is catchy.
he wont listen like this.
im telling you, the guards are the dirtiest gang in this whole place.
dont just stand there, come in.
is he doing ok?
its not pink, is it?
my kids should always be by my side...
i know everything about this city.
come on. hug time.
guess, whos the chief guest?
no, it cant be.
my finances went dry and i started a dry cleaning shop.
you cant land!
you were bringing me back here!
thas my thing.
more pointless than staring at a hole in the ground?
sun, i need...
all that matters is that theyre free and fiona is safe.
youre not an animal rights nutjob?
i dont know it.
someones been driving a getaway car!
it was the wind playing tricks.
this is precisely what he wants.
yes, id like to leave a message for victoria hardwick.
this could be a big moment for shyne.
..that one genie oath?
dont worry. dericks just making his play.
mr shrek, would you sign our pitchforks?
when you come next time have food and go.... dad though didnt give us food, and atlast to fill our hungry stomach, and to fill the quota of advise we reached rajus home rajus home reminds us about the 1950s black and white films
i saw walt.
there are dreams in these deep eyes.
there are reasons each of us are born.
... singlehandedly save the family farm.
... something for you to grow into.
peppers not so bad.
now clean yourself up.
and we will see if your insanity can be cured.
do i look like i got in a fight?
he has joined your brothers gangs and playing with them.
..whenever hes stressed out.
get one for me too. please.
but i do love you...
take her home
good morning, lux atlantic resort, this is cynthia.
we had come to take u to rancho..but only because u feared from people u got married to this donkey!
yeah, youre going into the jungle and get some dynamite and blow open the hatch, and then youre gonna hide everyone inside.
i just told you i would not be metal rattles
do you want to die, assholes?
yeah. like that.
the entire city is mesmerised by this incredible sight.
where did he find this?
i cant fix it. what about the sub?
id answer that, but, you know, doctorpatient confidentiality.
but i had promised anjali...
was it me who described it as a glimmer?
you look classy but speak like mass.
just forget about it, all right?
did you hear that rahul? she speaks nonsense even on baujis birthday?
..that he wrote on the note.
why didnt you come to the airport?
i dont have a problem. oh, ok.
bruno, there you are.
keep playing, please.
what a bore.
hookes law of elasticity.
were gonna have a lot of convincing to do.
bloody fool cheated me.
if he turns up for real, everyonell go mad.
show everybody how civilized you are.
wonders never cease.
how long could we be stuck?
ive been having some, um...major digestive issues.
who initiated this little encounter?
billy,if the doors not opened immediately, i will crash into it.
yeah, it happens.
so was he?
very lucid presentation.
so you and i, we could take the money together.
no one is out there. no one is coming.
just a little doggy. come here.
i think this scene is unavoidable for any lover.
with the superb view of the sea.
he gotta be hanged.
your tears become mine.
what i want to say is that i cant give you what you want.
for the second time in my life im guilty of committing a crime.
hey, you re not fiveo, are you?
i still have my pride, you know..
dont worry, ill catch up.
at the moment our satellites are somewhat unreliable.
yeah, must be a hundred hours here.
gently poach the scallops.
you kind of lied how much?
i thought you knew that all calls to the local station are routed through us.
if were gonna be safe, if were gonna protect the people that we left behind, tomorrow morning, im gonna have to convince everyone to lie.
all medical and fire personnel report to the s.s.c. immediately. dr. graiman,as f.b.i agent in charge,
in life imprisonment, the convict is released after 14 years.
and im just looking out for your best interests.
so im corrupting you.
well, get ready for another year in handmedown heaven.
that became 14 days
hey, is me again.
i think she hoped it would help me, you know, get a job here.
hes also refusing.
he told me the mark was some scumbag drug dealer and if i took it, wed be clean.
its only a game.
to the corner.
whatever she tells you to do ignore it.
whats going on?
after mr. fordman got sick, whitney needed me.
well, shouldnt we save it till the light turns red?
control the water and you control everything.
do you know the advantages of becoming a don?
and your fight with big bill yesterday, also impressive.
what do you think?
i made it.
but good news for you, henry.
we cannot be all out.
ive got an old colleague whos a professor at the university.
i dont think we ever officially met.
her majesty, queen elizabeth the 2nd.
oh, excuse me, your highness.
khan, switch on the tv, please.
bob. poor bob.
its free, would i come if weve to pay?
you didnt last time, and we know why.
her name was claire.
here... gotta get him to the infirmary.
why? dont you care about them?
no uniform either
there is a problem, prem.
is it possible?
so we will begin with the presentation now.
he wont come in.
the old standby, used to be famous for it.
please help him.  ill help him.
join the club.
if sayids shot, shouldnt we...
i know that.
what else do you have?
i get it. right
im so sorry that i even picked up the phone. im not
make one sound and ill shoot.
your raising a real hustler here, grace.
look at this!
it wasnt a dream, pen.
keep my man happy.
ive known you my entire life.
youve done this before little bitch.  thats enough.
theres some asshole blinking his high beam.
they took my son, and...
you wanna pay me to work?
how about you pack it up, john?
if thats how you feel, maybe we need to reconsider this relationship.
id love to, but ive got that trig test tomorrow.
papa, please. i beg of you.
whats he doing here?
look, you cant do this.
ill get the guns. you get some water.  ok.
do you have a piece of paper and a pencil?
come on, dory. were gonna find it.
youve brought me to a dirty place.
brotherinlaw, he forgot and left the money here.
oh godamit, your missing it, your missing it, your missing it.
but who will look for my lily, chily and bily.
hows that wrist?
thats rizvan khan.
what are they gonna do with us?
not if you designed the place, it isnt.
thatll be all.
just scraping off the fat.
i love crying.
people will ask what happened to him?
things they didnt want to get out.
just what do you suppose happened to him?
you came in these strange black clothes.
im not in mood, come.
assume that she gets trapped if she smiles.
that symbol, it belongs to an organization called the dharma initiative.
i didnt mean to ask. damn, it slipped out
you cant leave me here.
should we go back or keep going?
its all in russian.
miles? i need you.
chloe, i saw him go off with jenna. maybe she made him feel better.
what did you say to me?
theres a code to open it.
hello, look at me.
im trying to offer you a hand, but you keep slapping it away.
you can talk to dead people.
and right now... he thinks that i hate him.
thomas cleaned out his whole loft.
lets stop with just two, grandma.
and bad people who do bad.
any idea who did it?
we think. we reason.
i said use the big screw!
no, why are you...?
were going to have to do something.
we could have been tarring the roof of one of our own houses.
you said youll do anything to become a don.
im going to ask you some questions.
you dont need to be an elected official to change the world, clark.
i mean, its not perfect.
weve gotta stop em. theyre gonna kill us all!
turn that damn thing off!
he is the gooey, sticky, stuff that... holds us together!
shell say, why is your hair white, young lady? you look very odd.
eh look up there.
marcee uncle john!
its crazy, but it works.
you playing me?
now thats a broad question.
im not perfect.
and theyre all former jocks.
we, uh, just spoke to your immigration attorney.
okay, i dont know how it is in iraq but in the united states of america where im from korean people dont like black people.
what the hell happened?
regina threw herself overboard, for gods sake.
perhaps you could ask mrs williams to prepare me some breakfast?
he never complained.
you brought them here?
i like your attitude, its me.
sweetheart, i have to go, really.
to be fair, hes also a pretty good pilot.
i kept you away from your brother for years.
is it necessary to go with tufts?
this isnt our home.
dont bother asking me for it!
concentrate on your horoscope.
together... we can look for a solution!
listen to me. listen to me.
whats that suppose to mean?
theres no area 51.
about 520 hours.
then hurley. john, you bring up the rear.
sure did. nicely done.
well look out for each other. what brothers do, right?
were really going to miss you, ryan.
whats going on, sheriff?
we were going to do this together. you said you lost someone.
atticus is an officer of the court,
if hes italian then im an indian.
i was driving and i was drunk.
he had me cold, man.
i doubt it.
its apparently a fullfledged racket, flourishing right across the country.
anyway ive to eat wormy food in that jail from tomorrow.
all they see are yuppies down here.
cobb, we need to get fischer.
is anyone trying to get him out?
youre slowwalking me, arent you? why would i do such a thing?
im sorry about that raw egg, kiddo.
dontjust stand there!
you cant fire him.
whoever made that call couldnt have seen lincoln.
i told whitney how upset it made me he said it was no big deal, that people arent perfect.
kelly, where are you?
mama, is right!
no real harm done.
youve got my book.
why dont you step off, skinhead?
we still have our copy of the tape, so maybe...
i helped you put this crew together!
brother. i want to tell you the truth.
if i knew that jamuniya was all alone...
pickings are pretty slim in the yard.
then they came back, and took nine more.
but if you cant... ill poke out one of your eyes...
dont worry, well keep him safe. ready to go?
will you break his teeth or shall i break it?
come get in bed, everyone.
see ya, kiddo.
hell, what if the helicopter hasnt even taken off yet?
you said so yourself.
like a passion, unfulfilled
i told her.
charlies leaving these for us. they went that way.
dont give up! we can do this together!
i got her.
whatever. have you guys even done it yet?
ive been reassigned to you.
we worked it out cavemanstyle.
claire died in the plane crash.
cleaned up the mess you will go before viktor...
there. all done.
i dont care if hes your best friend.
you left out the part where you just want to see if i get eaten by something.
any other questions?
i want to choose the colours for the sofa covers.
... dont seem so certain anymore.
aint no way out...!
thats not right.
im asking you, why are you not answering me?
why are you dancing?
theyre riding sidesaddle.
thats strange, why dont you buy this one?
its... i love the band...
im gonna bust.
let me see your face.
nothing criminal or violent.
youryour tattoo its a pattern.
what a man thinks..
its just that her records, they list you as her fiance so i assumed...
i told you when you took this job, i knew something like this was going to happen.
brother, the two of youll are looking very nice together..
i have to find him.
..and you kept him this long.
whats her name?
what happened to you?
did you miss me?
we got a problem.
it started out as a scrapbook and just kind of mutated.
and joe has 2.50.
there might have been a struggle.
a powerful sedative.
thats why you must get kite! then youll discover white
thats not all of it.
but they were serving liquor.
im not lying.  lies!
you decided these two boys were gonna tell you what to do and when to do it.
and what, after all this time, have you come to ask me?
you really do not know who this woman is?
youre nothing but a quack.
i was pregnant.
give it back.
but he never says anything. he has put up their photograph in the house.
i dont run the scams.
you dont like it?
but wat is it?
yeah, ive heard enough of your tootaleetoots!
she defends him.
believe if they had the brass to put that case in the trunk of their family sedan and speed away, they just might have a chance at being an honesttogosh outlaw.
just give me five years.
is he your fathers grandchild.
if this were a scary movie, id be with a hot chick, not you, barbar.
wear them tomorrow morning.
tell him no.
but this frog is killing me.
oh, for the love of god.
kate, are you still hearing us?
depends what you mean by it.
i spent 18 years of luthor christmas parties in the coatroom.
we dont need her.
my beloved was weighed down
stay with me, hanna.
it was mine.
i was actually thinking that i should stay and watch sawyer.
im not going any closer than five miles off the coast.
nishi, are you fine?
direct pressure on that.
so where are the rest of your people?
i often forget how important it is.
thats why you drove us drunk.
i mean,theres got to be someone who can help him.
you need to stay really still. its okay.
yeah, i keep pushing it, you know. huh?
anything not bolted down toss it out!
but i gotta do this my way.
until we hook up with the main highway on the other side of the mountain.
rough start, huh?
can you hear me?
you saw me and you fainted. why?
i can still hear you.
yeah, i got a problem.
princess, how can i leave?
tourists treat this lake like its a garbage can.
either way, you lose your job, your house and your family.
by taking over the creating part.
you saw that too. clark?
couldnt wait to get away.
put your hands in the a...
i didnt say or do anything embarrassing to you that i should know about did i?
hillary, did you learn all this for me?
youre worried about ben?
michael locked us in here.
theyre all her puppets.
i was meant for big cities, great concert halls. that was my destiny.
oh, my my, mary, i mean, youve got to be more careful.
bernard, he didnt heal me.
i dont want to.
kasim, i dont want to rub any lamp.
grimes, stay away from the walls.
the people were after here are practically running the town.
purse is gone.
old, worthless, discarded. john
was something i said funny?
furjee.. take this n go!
your husband called about it earlier. is he around?
what if these people are here to hurt us?
if youre going to name a food, you should give it a name that sounds delicious.
no one is taking anybody away!
i see now.
i m sorry, victor, i... .
what did you put on my desk?
thanks, dr. harford.
you could have done anything you wanted.
well, that, my friend, is exactly what you will find out.
because i treat him like an adult.
i recently acquired a small research facility outside metropolis.
well, commander zhao, are the rumors true or not?
i just came here to
did you tell sisterinlaw about roma kapoor?
see you around the playground.
and its really, really important... that we get there as fast as we can... so can you help us out?
well, could be cinnamon.
but it isnt.
well, while im at it, why dont i tell her that youre married to a firebreathing dragon and you have little, mutant donkeydragon babies.
well, i can still walk.
my understanding is baptism is about making sure children get into heaven, should anything happen.
nice to have someone to believe in again.
i went to pick up my dress.
lets have a laugh on trevor.
go upstairs, l.j., now!
ok.. im goona jump on the count of 3!
now, you can imagine my disappointment when it suddenly dawned on me that the woman i love is about to be kicked out of the country.
we cant leave her there.
wheres the leftover pizza?
100,000 and these records will disappear forever.
why do you want to get yourself killed?
can i get down now? free. be free.
whats on the tapes not how it went down.
some very influential people are behind it.
and what did happen?
now go home and rest.
is everything all right?
you want to join me?
are you implying that we have a leak?
you said they come back.
we have lived our full lives.
thats not necessary.
remember, you are the dreamer.
wait your turn, asshole.  grunts
actually, jack, i can think of much worse cases than that.
when are you ever entirely truthful?
im sorry, but im calling the shots here. and i said you are not taking anything.
how did you feel when she died?
so a tribe of evil natives planted a ringer in the camp to kidnap a pregnant girl and a reject from vh1 hasbeens.
...oceanic airlines, flight 125 nonstop to singapore, leaving from gate 14...
eventually,miles,youre gonna tell me who you are and youre gonna tell me about the people on the boat
no, soninlaw, how can you?
i swear i wasnt aware of it.
you know everything.
alicia how do you know?
at that time you looked innocent and said..
we found out about you. the house isnt yours.
father was killed in prison, mother died of hiv.
no, im returning to mumbai.
looks like a troublemaker!
ive never been so happy to see you in my life!
do i make myself clear?
figure thats the last step before i institute topless waitressing.
you think my dark past is gonna rub off on you?
you got one!
then, our ceiling exploded.
motherfucker wont stop firing!
donkey, what am i gonna do?
ill take care of the newspaper.
caesar if he wants to wait, let him!
i need you to take my hand. on the count of three, were going to run.
can i have a quarter for the vending machine?
give them the bag.
dont turn around on me.
but i assure you, sun, im the same man ive always been.
i wont make you pay for it.
nobody knows it but the people in this room.
this is my ballet tiara.
there are better things to do with my time than collect firewood. you dont agree with jack.
well,it seems like a reasonable question.
what did they say he did?
so whats the problem?
but listen, i want to pay you anyway.
if they say so.
what are you talking about?
yeah, well, you remember the map?
michael scofield is getting shipped out tomorrow.
youll wander around?
i was goanna see...
he may be our only hope.
now the fuse.
i just dont have the time to do it.
the real me, the one they told you was imaginary?
i wouldnt mention im involved in this.
he said, please.
were gonna make a pit stop first. pit stop?
give me the crack ho.
you know.... deep down, i knew i was different..
oh, building a place a little getaway for me and the missus.
mummy has said to let nikki sleep. dont wake her up.
this... time loss.
im gonna skin him alive first... then im gonna fucking kill him!
thats just classic.
then lets go.
i dont need a script.
i ran before the end. a lot of us did.
so he killed his teacher?
theyre breaking out.
another olivia dunham... the olivia dunham from over here.
grotesque imitations which are totally unrealistic.
youre her present. shh, shh, shh.
to meet a spirit would be a great honor.
the woman in the subway. who is she? i have no idea.
this is more than arson, clark.
were you playing?
you have a gift.
where you been?
would you like to go with me?
just now you took a beer.
were talking about a missile, the size of the chrysler building.
no one can take jasmine away from kasim.
ive got some bad news, too.
here. check this out.
it was a little bit of a shock to find out that youre getting married especially when none of us even knew you were dating.
never mind. move on.
dont tell my sister that i had sent you to germany.
eta with contact point, three minutes.
i cant breathe. i cant breathe.
chloe im sorry i didnt ask you sooner.
a clean kill.
lts very nice here.
its unlikely hell regain consciousness, but the pain might bring him around.
and one, and two, and three, and four.
if im turning myself in, i get the deal of a lifetime.
what do you mean?
supermodels desperately seeking software designers.
my head is spinning!
you cant stop this. this is happening.
they lived in fear that the cold man was not alone.
i said that you had to move it, john.
climate became chaotic.
this belongs to a girl.
and anyway tomorrow is your birthday.
dekins blinked for a second then he laughed and actually shook andys hand.
aarush, youre the sweetest man i know.
he took my shirt out of the bag and peed on it.
maybe i missed the part where you explained what im supposed to do about the armed men inside.
i think its a location on the island. specifically, here.
remember jason mccormack?
you got a permit.
theyll all pay.
were gonna get killed.
anyone ever told you to go slow when we first enter the chute?
ask him again. no.
because he was stupid enough to believe that i knew what i was talking about.
youve been out there an entire day and night. looking at nothing?
the republican guard.
she is after me.
its over, isnt it?
... thatyouvebeenjerkingoffwith had nothing to do with her real death.
id love to fill you in, jack, but you, hugo, james need to get moving.
that was too close an embrace.
are you putting that carpet in the guards room?
and in between?
we should ask if we can put a bench somewhere.
the guy behind the guy. the one who makes it all happen.
john this is all i am.
romanced my mother to get to the money.
and id gladly do it again, if it would rid us of these barbarians.
you just start from the beginning and explain how you came to be on this boat.
at least three distinct sets all over the place.
i cant promise this wont hurt.
she kind of got attacked.
we know the rest.
i am a mammoth...
youre the one who infected us, arent you?
im going to give you 25,000 u. s. dollars.
never entire areas.
toilet wont flush.
what sort of a character we are.
luke! good to have you, man.
talk to you later.
is that your baby?
with a coconut?
theres got to be some type of connection there, right?
no, no, no!
the plant closing is gonna hurt a lot of people, clark.
whitney, whats wrong?
when you get older, youll understand my apprehension...  ... about the luthor family.
you remember that redneck from the racetrack?
lts a dialysis machine.
it was outdoor detail and may is one damned fine month to be working outdoors.
perhaps its fate that today is the fourth of july.
theres full connection baba listen to me..
its in your room.
i know, ma.
fridge isnt cooling.
people just kinda took what they needed cause we were supposed to be rescued.
lets kill him, tell me who is he?
how much i wanted to help you grow up.
theyre definitely planning something real big.
what sins have you committed?
does anybody else know? only michael.
what you in here for?
on the other hand it turns out theres an opening for managing editor at the journal.
turn the car around.
miss amanda curran.
its a little boy, who finds a seed and plants it.
these people you said theyre dangerous.
he was just trying to talk to him.
its our duty to let our blood flow for the cause of islam.
dans told me so much about  pleased to meet you.
why isnt he doing that role too, bloody creep?
get that in your fucking head!
how long do we look, james?
ill come back to set up a drip.
look, i need you to tell them what really happened.
was she a friend of yours?
are you in or are you out?
okay. now, when i tell you to, pull as hard as you possibly can.
only think about the taste.
its an honor, professor nash.
never heard of it.
mangla, youre safe now.
the world will go out of balance. everyone will be hurt.
listen, come home with jenny to eat pilaf.
im letting you off the hook.
calm down, chicken little. the sky aint falling just yet.
and i wouldnt even be alive if it werent for you.
well, thelma, seeing as i got all the guns, i do get to ask why.
i want you to think about this, okay? this guy is dangerous.
hes just not crazy about your dad.
still ahead on points.
they are not staying here, they left long back.
so i ran.
yes, a maid for the dinner.
his twin brother william
were shooting things.
kept looking at me like i was crazy.
now, let me help.
i wish i knew what they were thinking...
good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
you just proved my point.
what sir, what happened sir?
i couldnt say it to her.
the police havent done a thing.
dont move a muscle! were coming up!
kill him find ghajini
youre a sweet girl.
i can still be all surprised,
this is not what i signed up for,
ok.. ok! good thing i know you better!
when angela finds out the truth..
just think, if we let them go today..
what happened to charlie?
you have a son.
then he should stay with you all the time.
but baby, youre the one.
their mother replied, with a voice like silk,
the meaning and purpose... of his miserable existence had a higher destiny.
yeah. give me my gun back.  we leave in ten minutes.
and a tiresome duty!
that reminds me, sayid.
just one word and sl saluted me and sent a man.
give it up, old man.
look, pick up an extra guy.
police and fire departments want everyone to stay off the phone.
the dinosaurs got cocky!
you know, ive got an english final.
i want you to come.
the shooting victim was believed to be disgruntled iraq war vet michael traceur... what the hell did you do?
i promised her a night shed never forget.
try to not stare at her boobs.
outside on his swing, i think.
she only did what she thought was right.
no, i want you to cool it off for a while until we know what really happened.
hasnt moved since we got here.
laura, listen to me!
how noble.  tell me what?
gunfight at the ko corral?
this cant be done.
then i hear this voice.
son of a bitch. go to hell. go to hell.
i was on the ground. all i could hear was static.
how about a football game?
the public believes whatever i tell them.
we dont have wings to keep us up!
he thinks youre his big brother.
this is the not fucking around crew.
nobody believes me.
i know youre excited, but we cant afford this.
its our favorite.
youve had these nosebleeds before. now calm down.
you got to get away from those numbers!
lana, youre sick. i need to get you to a hospital.
i thought people were after me, why are they after you also?
i just found this. its got your name on it.
its connected to a radio transmitter.
youre very funny.
your lovely gift, period.
we gotta split.
amy said she saw victoria snooping in lexs bedroom.
people cant fly, lex.
yeah, me too.
you cant discriminate between dark and fair.
ive had enough.
were not in the habit of telling our secrets to strangers then just letting them saunter off.
i was on the island. youve been off the island for three years.
charlie, what are you doing?
at least leave that.
know what im saying?
could he wait and say goodbye to our son, clark?
its because i like you i dont want to be with you.
we should go.
let him play!
its richard, actually.
where is horace?
the dacoits are here. put in some more coal.
i know why youve been acting so weird lately.
did you put them in there?
you know better than me what will happen if baba comes know this.
ill be able to give walt anything he needs.
this tree of souls place...
they designed it that way, so that, by the time you got to the bottom of it, lincoln would be dead.
fuck off, goldberg.
i got it.
come on! there must be a way out!
the artificial being is a reality, a perfect simulacrum articulated in limb, articulate in speech and not lacking in human response.
ive got them on me.
im gonna say a bad word.
its time, come on. fates calling, sarah.
... becausetherewassomething a little strange...
now, youve got to sit still for a few minutes before you start walking around on that again.
what the hell is a postie?
please remain calm.
are u understanding, what im sayin?
i need, you know, a scary animal.
my name is benjamin linus, and i need you to take a message to mr. widmore for me.
once i started telling people about your situation,
im afraid ms austens legal issue is off the table. next question.
i dont think were gonna find your husband here.
we saw her and the competition she has.
you explain to them.
didnt make much sense in here.
i was in love with the idea of love.
when will we have children?
thank god! whats your name?
bella. bella, its me, sean.
is this normal?
well, jjohn... we dont even have a word for it.
its a game. you guys dont play it in bed?
what do you mean?
i have to watch that.
did you kill him?
or maybe a plumber.
do you think aaron and i could stay in the bedroom in the hatch for a while?
nice, happy family.
thats what i was afraid of.
its like a hive with two queens.
you playing decoy?
is she out shopping with martin now?
no, hes not.
now the bad time has gone for you... now u can leave donkeys and start loving humans time is perfect for startin love.... temperature is constant... and the climate is clear n clean.... and if you felt love for someone....
miss austen,please sit down.
i was helping lana at the torch.
hard to tell with you sometimes.
nobodys that disgusting.
is just, maybe if i was smart, i would have dragged out the rebuild a bit.
i traded him.
the shitll hit the fan.
i didnt know you were alive.
every town has its share of tall tales.
on the other side of this column here is a wheel that slipped off its axis.
but i need you to push. okay?
hey..hey raju raju if we would have given 1 kilo ladys finger and 12 kilo paneer freely to that idiot, even then he wud get up what was the need to sacrifice me?
amsterdam, venice, new york forever lost.
what are you doing here?
youre not going alone.
we got you surrounded!
i dont get it. mmmhmm.
..and my coffin shop has shrunk to a corner.
oh, ill need two tickets in the owners row.
about the only person in this entire country who had motive to kill him was you.
you guys got to go...
lets get inside!
and since when did listening to him get you anywhere worth a damn?
im doing what you taught me.
yeah, and i talked to the people on the boat.
i love cake.
ill burn that fair skin of yours, you idiot!
weve got a hostage the guard.
i have the keys.
what got you into it?
i think i should probably stay with charlotte.
as god as my witness!
what are you going to do with that?
thats okay. well take my car.
its your recipe.
you know i can take a pinch.
one hundred and seventythree. railroad crossings, between here and awvr substation in brewster.
are you going to golconda fort with her?
theres a murderer out there!
but the numbers... did you ever find out anything about them?
its time for the truth.
did you fuck her?
dory, listen to me.
unfortunately my drawing hands kind of shot.
i tell her that everythings gonna be okay, thats false hope, dad.
now that is yesterdays news we can put it behind us, can we?
and why do i need to explain them?
you would remember if it were true.
its an art, not a science.
whered your dad take you?
oh, he lives. hey, dude! marlin
the excitement among the students is rising.
stupid amateur, duffer, idiot!
he who wears a kurta from lucknow and pathani salwar... stands for a true man and the one who doesnt who knows?
come on. i also feel like dancing.
let me get a shirley temple with an extra cherry, please.
special investigating officer, bangkok police.
the one with the messages inside.
hopefully, the money will turn up.
which means im not lying on my carpet, in my apartment.
maybe its a monster, maybe its a pissed  off giraffe, i dont know.
no, no, its just that,
terror tej singh wont find us.
breeds eternal misery.
im mary walsh.
tears in my eyes.
what do i tell her?
come right away.
all their alibis were paid for a week in advance.
the heatherton c815 copy centres leading scan offerings combine the benefits of document capture with instant delivery anywhere, anytime.
we need to retreat! now!
blood, your blood! shouldnt you tell me that or not?
because.. my grandma is from africa.
what about your dad?
lucky shot. yeah, i wish it was luck.
what the hell are you doing?
dont you remember?
the right thing to do sometimes its hard to know what that is.
but youre like... rich.
so i did become mom type...
are you a shrink?
reyes, you owe the company for an eightpiece darkmeat combo.
i know what you think it means, sonny.
how could you?
whats he doing in our territory?
im fine. dont worry about it.
its still locked, sir.
whats this guru?
repurpose them for what?
lets see if this works.
i dont  i dont understand.
like theyre government.
help me, please. dont leave me.
if i go, hell read my thoughts. hell think im lying.
not just congratulations.
michael,a car is rapidly approaching.
by the time theyre finished with her, shell be lucky if she has a pulse.
yeah, we have a problem.
listen to this.
boone, can you hear me?
and in your childhood..
sam, wheres your hand?
its not your fault, lana.
ill see what i can find out.
youre having contractions.
the way he tore off the back panel of the garbage truck and saved me.
ive his many photos.
theres got to be a way to escape!
you dont have to do this.
i must become a don.
the car is worth 8 lakh.
steady the leg. get away from me.
he was looking for you, dad. hes all messed up.
i come with an olive branch.
its my job.
you may inadvertently trigger an interstellar war.
to the bus stop ahead.
what do i want?
i guess i should have gotten the warranty.
its not by the book.
boss too was praising her only.
i cant call you papa or take your name.
it was not that the other children hated him... they felt unnerved by him.
you will receive an identity disk.
i wouldnt even have to twist his arm.
im so sorry.
shes fine, shes fine.
theyll wear themselves out eventually.
i thought you should know.
youre standing on a pressure trigger.
by the name of kevin peterson...
you did this?
the first bite draws the blood, the blood draws the pack
youve done enough!
..at seven oclock in the morning on a foreign beach.
this unexplained disturbance and the resulting hysteria are incredible.
they are very hot.
he did it again.
just, you know...
she calls me if the neighbours quarrel.
oh god ls everything alright?
..i closed the door of my room.
we have the money.
the fire nation has stolen knowledge of us from the great library.
isnt that cruel and unusual punishment?
look, no hands!
i was going to answer for what id done.
its lights out until the morning.
he cant stay with me... lts only a matter of few days.
whoa, whoa, wait, wait, hold up.
father, when you set out to get mother..
howd you like it if i read yours?
and i was hoping for some sort of tactical plan that didnt envolve martyrdom.
shes got the same symptoms as dad and beels.
time for bed.
some sweets a few almonds and... signs ofmarital bliss...
thats the only way we all get laid. chuckles adam smith said
kitt diverted just enough power at exactly the right moment to withstand that missile.
and so is her 500 million pounds.
youre gonna need to clean out the wound every couple of hours and keep as much weight off the leg as you can, all right?
i will return tomorrow night with high expectations.
every sunday after mass
were leaving now! move!
you have a pleasant flight.
we got a man on the move.
i have lived in poverty because of your absence, avatar.
in competitive behavior, someone always loses.
what is your plan really?
tell me, you go over a mans house for the first time, do you take off your shoes, put your feet up on his coffee table, walk in the kitchen, eat food that doesnt belong to you,
i was respecting her wishes.
where are you, man?
youre putting your life in risk to achieve your goal.
inceptions not about being specific.
twentytwo months next week.
so, you wouldnt mind if i paid him a visit.
you get a refund, half off.
tell me what youre doing, how many of you there are and how you got here.
i just... needed her.
im not gonna ask you again.
youre not gonna tell jin?
were going downtown.
i mean, if he told you all this on the island, why didnt you remember it until two days ago?
do you know where he is...?
he could be right here somewhere.
hes in agony.
what do you thinks going on?
you just throw a banana at me?
like you, babynapper?
drive thru is the best damn band ever. now just gimme a bump, cause i know you got some.
its a magical moment of my life.
she only created you and this army to avenge her true mate, james.
were you in texas on hotel business?
it was enough to give a cheer last month when he rasped his last sour breath.
then i shall depart.
did you bring the goods?  ive brought, don.
but the neatest stuff...
god! how big he has grown.  yes...
when did you first see the light?
i thought we could use some company.
your reservation has been cancelled.
you know so little about me.
dont talk about my motherland.
suspected russian mob, but theyre no good for the fedcal job.
careful, what are you doing?
by using cars horn..u wanna hide ur horn..idiot!
rolling with their choice.
i dont think we should lie, dude.
but me, im tired of waitin.
i think this is the last straw.
i hired you to study the effects of meteors on this town.
im driving you.
have you had experience in this type of death?
in his debrief, he said they came in contact with something.
well, what are you saying,
in a statement, the n.t.s.b. said that, due to the sheer depth of the... recovery of the bodies would be next to impossible.
thats what ive been trying to explain to you.
today too when i see those destinations.
everybody has someone to listen to them.
she seduces some idiot to rob the damn bank, then puts a bullet in her new friend because shes done using him.
some things are best left unsaid.
run. run, madam.
where is it...?
you too know it?
but we asked you first.
what the hell are you doing?
the water is so clear.
you know since i heard this story..
wheres my order?
do you remember when i told you you could sit in if you were quiet?
im not shaving my hair off.
whose shirt is this?
maybe you need a little break.
anjali they have come to our house for the first time...
you cant catch me
so... can i?
and when we were rescued,we didnt we had to decide what to do with him.
ill stop when you tell me...
hes serving his country.
you are not in kansas any more.
dude, we shouldnt go here.
if id wanted to, i couldve... stood right up and talked to her.
sir, mr. agrawal is here.
if this is whats happening to us,..
theres no word to express my love,
give me a gun.
ive tucked you in bed with this one hand, and..
i thought it was kind of obvious.
how do you spell bounty hunter?
..brother, fell off the train and died?
yeah, they were high school sweethearts, old hobart and bea.
so this is all my fault?
and get down on the floor!
i left my book at the house.
we can help you, lj.
and that just may have been the best iced tea ive ever had.
all right, now listen up!
look at my face.
please forgive me anjali.
all you gotta do is retrace your steps.
we have to let jack do what he came here to do.
we dont have to talk. lets just sit for a while.
i have to.
i have no money. i am sorry.
i  i work over at the power station.
hes so real.
put her down over there.  is that them?
out of my way.
you could do some serious damage with it.
the moneys shit.
you didnt answer my question.
thats a really good perfume.
that is where i left it.
jesus, mary, and joseph...
thats human nature, chloe. later.
push that, it will eject the magazine.
peggy, youre going to be fine.
whats this gunk?
shes my wife.
well marry in temple tomorrow.
we cant hold him back much longer.
he named it after me.
you say something?
just find her.
that something suspicious is going on with dr. wells.
kill her or she wont stop yapping
we were exploring the concept of a dream within a dream.
are you here to say sorry, sawyer?
he works for the hotel. ive seen him around.
..on the old mill road, my man will meet you.
i shouldve believed you.
i saw your picture in the post office.
and how the hell are you gonna do that?
i saved your miserable life!
like if you were to intervene into someone elses death that would end it.
whatever has happened to you, has happened to me too.
shes in los angeles.
you will minimize cuts and burns and keep your sleeves clean.
rumor has it youre a real cold fish.
its not my guitar.
how does she run?
because all the data indicates it.
lets sit right here.
his platoon sergeants on leave, so youre gonna have to suck it up.
damn it! this chick runs with vampires.
something clark said. he told me you like to challenge people.
i have tried to explain it many times that stars are not people...
your chariot awaits you princess...
you dont know bauji...
ok, i gotta go.
well, then youre gonna need a search warrant to go through her purse.
im looking nice in that one.
you know, as an us thing.
you invented an unbreakable code
is he a raavan?
keep struttin, aunt bea.
because her lifepartner is standing right before you.
id forget trying to get to her off duty.
i was just walking the beach with my son and all of a sudden this dude is all up on me.
its on the tip of my tongue!
no, no, no, no. its not for fish.
lets go. why should we postpone things we love?
im here to sell mehnaz herbal beauty products.
were gonna get married... in 16 months.
whats written behind it?
no, im afraid of sticking to him if i sit next to him.
small towns across the country have revived their downtowns returning them to the social centers they once were.
cal!  what?  phones!
ill talk to jim if you want me to, but hes just goanna tell you the same thing... all nonessential crew get pulled during a storm like this.
if you want me to leave, set me free.
keep doing the right thing.
what are you saying in english?
what happened to you?
oh, god.  here.
hell be under the clock tower.
a digital frontier to reshape the human condition.
whats wrong with you?
theres a cab stand right out front.
hockey ship sailed with the narcotics.
whats going on?
what happened, sir?
keep the change.
when somebodys dead, their brain stops functioning, which means theres no more talking.
till now we knew and now you know.
i knew it was around here somewhere!
im sure youll look really nice in this.
you might, i dont!
but its just like joachim said.
do you want to go to prison again?
i cried my heart out, when i cant se my own place what will i see there?
did you poison michael, kate?
you know what? apology not accepted.
lets go home, teresa.
in a dream, you can cheat architecture into impossible shapes.
nametag was a big clue.
and this is our dedication for our time capsule here on august 15th, 1989.
if you so much as speak his name again you will have chosen that future for him
he died five years ago.
i missed you so much aman!
what do you want?
but dont steal.
its a complicated emotion.
you need to get the gate open.
yeah, he wont crack.
you should call your wife. i would but its her day off.
but mandira, the effect of those two minutes..
you, if you like lana so much why dont you just ask her out?
now shut the hell up and deliver your damn sandwiches.
that you, buddy?
and we.. frankly cant know whether hes a jihadi or not.
yeah, got a report about a gas leak.
boo! better luck next time!
im kind of indecent at the moment.
sorry about your disk.
they believe its going to be better.
my guess is sooner rather than later.
i mean, how about thank you?
tsutey is the chief now.
do you really think there could be peace?
we need kitt to increase his speed.
thats my girl!
that distress signal we heard. yes.
super 61 is down.
thats why god created the texmex.
i really screwed up, justin is involved, you were right.
what did she say?
right out here on the south parking lot.
dim the lights. the carnage is about to begin.
you want this country to be strong...
hello, biceps! you know, anabolic steroids are really bad for you.
isnt it wrong to cheat them, seenu?
i was so tall.
but im not doing this.
clark, why are you doing this?
the only side hes on is his own.
they want me to rot in here, so i got no allegiance to them any more.
did you see him?
hey, can i try those on?
i think i might know where to look.
i tried sometime before, but u dint like it in simple way sir.... professors used to keep rancho outside more often than in classroom if he get kicked from one class, hell go sit in another classroom
listen, this isnt really the best time. bryan and i were on our way out to meet some friends.
i have the key to your heart.
they follow the water.
you risked our lives to save him.
ill have it.
bernard. that was your husband?
i made a mistake, and this is my fault.
heres where were at.
no, i dont think...
who is your maker?
youve gone soft.
she wanted to know where she could buy a copy of the planet so she could keep in touch with civilization.
ill be right back.
her life isnt overyet
tell herwhat you did to jamuniya
better put him in the restraints.
wasnt entirely human?
sometimes they dont...
things never happen the same way twice, dear one.
because youve no choice.
where did you meet her?
were getting out of here.
dont you even care about this?
i dont want to go to school.
three hours ago, we didnt even know.
but youre different, henry.
wait, and you know what? whoever did this to her, if theyre still in rosewood,
an innocent man, caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.
im going to give you fellas one last chance to reconsider!
just got our latest scintillating assignment.
everything that had been bubbling up inside her for 18 years.
do we have any better of an idea as to how this happened?
i wasnt there.
till then keep this marriage a secret with narsing.
jack, now i know im new to this group, but isnt this the place where everybody jumps and hugs each other?
theyre gonna find it, bro.
you know that, right?
no, this is it. i remember that tree.
he is my papa...
look at this.
or the government of an oilbased economy... like the united states.
isnt it priya?
im getting kinda used to insane.
77, here we go.
till yesterday i was a noble citizen of this country but in the last 24hours..i had got an emergency landing of a plane almost immersed shyamaldas soul in the gutter and kidnapped a bride from her wedding all for that idiot rancho
do you mind?
... arent you whitney fordman?  yeah.
cool. and reason for travel?
you know, it just feels like somethings going on.
please dont tell anyone.
why is that so important?
just like julius caesar did for cleopatra.
if i wanted to explain myself all the time, id get a job.
i mean, maybe if we all stick together
do you try to be a pig or does it just come naturally?
if all i had to do was die, ben, then why did you stop me?
may not have seen him properly but i do remember his voice well.
im sorry, i couldnt help overhearing. are you having a problem with kyle tippett?
bet cancelled? youre staying away from him.
anyway, forget it.
you were thought of as young, idealistic...
remind me who youre going out with again?
i trained her newborns, an endless occupation since she never let them live beyond their first year. it was my job to dispose of them.
dougys quite the worker.
okay, i see. so it was all a lie?
two trips to the pentagon in four years.
je... well, its both, actually.
nothing. nothing that theyll put him under for, anyway.
stop by if you get a chance.
not in the haha, isnt that funny, she likes that trash
anyone thats a threat to what were doing is expendable.
its awful. i mean, we all know shes dead, right?
ready to strut?
..is now at the governors mansion.
i oversaw his treatment for a year for clinical schizophrenia.
..will be my first priority. l pledge, today onwards the friends of madhavgarh..
its been a tough eight weeks.
that is not true.
im afraid that it doesnt
all right then, tell me what i have do to set you free.
is everyone assembled?
sir? are you ok?
i lost my wedding ring.
roberts relationship with his father is stressed, to say the least.
and you promised not to be angry.
do you know where they were headed?
hey, linda, sorry, i should go too.
i know why you dont wanna see the baby,jack.
give me your weapons, turn around, go home.
they already had him. they were torturing him.
personally supervised the use of sarin gas on this village.
back across the island to their camp.
whose car are we gonna take?
danielle, you should escort alex away from here.
its a piano.
get out the way, get out the way!
its hard watching people you love suffer and theres nothing you can do to help.
whats going on?
i know i been going about this whole thing the wrong way.
and that i fought hard.
theres a fence there.
i was just hoping for an apology.
even in pain, there is a smile on my lips.
i completely forgot.
get out of here.
i was worried about the hair sample you gave me.
lets go eat.
raj burman, star news.
how dare he say that?
i saw them walk out with bags.
he doesnt. who is this guy?
we ate the other cakes.
cut it at the knee joint.
all right, carry on.
mum, i cant find my football.
thats absolutely right.
how we wager.
what are we going to do?
and then youll finally realize that you cannot fight the inevitable.
he aint saving no one.
l said madras only.
tell your chef linguini that i want whatever he dares to serve me.
what are you waiting for?
these people dont deserve our sympathies.
just graduated from oxford, lives in knightsbridge with dear old dad, mr francis price heatherton, who, my friend, is bloody loaded.
mr. fish, did you die? dory
im writing this letter to you as you leave for prison.
and thats what happened.
give me a kiss.
remember your training.
i thought the safety was on.
you ever had a blood transfusion?
if you need any help from me, ask, ill do it.
you dont belong with them.
charu is one of them.
maybe you should, because she may be the key to this thing.
i never lied to you, leese.
if you feel nauseous please use the ...
keep the pressure on grace.
johns looking for somebody to tell him what to do next.
so i opened that beautiful, little decoupage and out fluttered these tiny, little handcut heart confettis.
and lucky that brother wasnt some oral hygenist or something.
yeah, well, about that...
you were supposed to return two days earlier.
i dont know why youre asking these questions.
is she okay?
theres no man who hasnt come after me, aunt.
ls that girl more important than brothers word.
avatar kyoshi loved games.
which is the same signature harry volk used in 1945.
he looks real bad. i need to evac now.
and you leave the rest of em alone!
but theyre all spread out.
i never made a difference here, but maybe my children can.
anything i can do to help?
youre surrounded by my men, how bravely you speak like that!
people can bring their own food, their own chairs.
its... its my choice.
somebody please save my son.
you sneak off in the middle of the night.
youre his teammate now. why dont you ask him?
ned, i want you to get back in your car and follow the mainline, okay?
they wont return my phone calls.
because you were being difficult.
i need to soak my sore knee.
she didnt do anything.
thank you, nurse lazenby.
david, i dont know if hell want to see you.
maybe we should try a number other than the boat,like... 911.
oh, just one will do.
i suppose thats why you became a doctor.
subjects neck is broken just below the axis.
what the hell is so funny?
he has a bad temper.
you gonna punish me for something i cant change? fine.
how fast can you wash his car?
once shes gone, no more pets.
how could he change it?
i dont know. some industrialist.
what do you mean.
sir im just close is your project ready?
no, that one.
whoa!  all right, you kids!
...their own fathers...
theres another one who isnt here.
maybe you could just take a minute to explain to us what the hell is going on over here thats got you all so on edge?
dory, im a little fella.
of course you do. my father and i went on a fishing trip once.
are you sure you want to do this? it was your idea.
but if we cant live together were gonna die alone.
youre going in.
babas right hand basha is calling you, hes in that room, meet and tell him.
i did everything i could, you know that.
i get angry only when this same grace..
ok, gingy, tell me about this...
i know, i know.
hey, i got these for you.
you changed my future once, right?
we gotta figure out who hes gonna kill next.
we need to go. now.
give me some suction.  yes, doctor.
why arent the enfleurage frames...
see, i think you are!
its just the right size.
she murdered her entire team.
you look terrible.
cause theyre together.
no. then whats the secret?
whats he up to?
and i believe thats what it says on your mission statement in the lobby.
weve got a problem, coach.
more blending in with the community.
zoe,i believe that awesome is not the appropriate word for this situation.
i know you are scared, alright, we are all scared...
i wanted to thank you.
if you know, please tell me cause this is completely new territory to me.
god, how did he come here?
im not leaving you here defenseless.
i see, can you have him call me then? no, im about to review the cargo shipment on myself.
how far are you from milepost 5?
keep me safe!
were being unjust with him.
no, you decided to bang it out in the north end at 900 in the morning.
but suppose somehow it works, and we move the island.
if u dont run fast others will overtake u... damn!
of course you can. why didnt you call, you lunatic?
sayid aint sayin nothin.
jonathan, its jim alexander over at the bank.
hey, freakazoid, wake up.
someone wants him dead, veronica.
that depends upon what i put in my report.
yeah, i guess she wants on the raft.
neither will they pass nor any company will give them jobs!
maybe its time i lit up that leather once and for all.
yeah, that didnt open up shit.
unless theres some kind of british version.
close it quickly, banta, do it.
youre back. thank god!
i have been chasing him from past one year..n the meeting has been fixed now!
there must be someone in the whole world who knows where she lives.
i cant believe he just sprang that on you.
bella, the only reason i left was because i thought i was protecting you.
this one will not let me retire.
thats a 25yearold.
ill be right back, mr. holloway.
you look at me with this pissed off look.
youre gonna shoot me.
go now, now.
hold on, officers. calm down, captain.
knocks on door
the plane. jack was looking for the liquor cart.
ive been busy.
would you please turn your head?
you know hansen has just published another paper?
he could get the kid off.
you need help?
if they take that city, more will suffer and die, as your airbenders have.
i really wasnt thinking clearly.
not now. i have work to do.
im curious, why did you think id be willing to harbor a fugitive?
i dont speak destiny.
stupid thing wont start!
how you holding up?
you need to live a little. let go.
look, i just clock in and i clock out.
i dont think your father rented a car at all. yeah?
how are we doing it?
what geoffroy likes best of all is dressing up.
no other way?
he was so drunk that he tarnished that girl..
how do you know?
mommys not here anymore.
were running out of time.
stop! get off of him!
i prefer bold.
but she does not love you, david.
he works with you?
but hes a guard.
if we cut and put into eyes, those with vision will lose it, those without vision will get it back.
shut up, man. dont try to...
are you ok, father?
where are my presents?
aeeee...remove dad from the pot...remove from the pot!
im not gonna waste your time and im not gonna waste mine
ok, write dear sir, comma, new line,
one roar, man.
would you like to see the soles of my feet?
stop, stop. we cant.
we dont see anything moving down there, we dont even know if anyones alive.
but i wont.
why are you so late, priest?
all the misery that weve been through...
were passing milepost 52, heading northbound on the main 1.
nah. its just a number.
for those who havent read the plaque, well read the plaque.
you know, i think im gonna look myself.
i wouldnt dream of blackmailing you or making you change a word.
believe me, i just...
so how do you explain the accident?
what about your mother?
ive been sleeping on the couch for a year.
thats not good diplomacy.
if i brought the money, id never get out.  big mistake, rich boy.
you can say,i told you so.
what do you think theyll do to him?
can i say something?
what are you talking about?
... andtherewontbeanyconnection between us whatsoever.
screw the button, man.
oh, no, i wasnt blocking you, i just...
if theres anything in this life you want, pack it in there because youre never coming back.
you grew up hearing about it, but i never figured id be going there.
that sounds tasty.
so, uh, whats the deal with you and your father?
nick, was it like a dream or like a voice in your head?
there it is. the strange atmospheric phenomenon.
not the baby blanket.
you feeling okay, mr. suby?
my savior complex takes on a completely different form. nash chuckles
what airline ticket?
they are all free.
of course, what have you got to feel guilty about?
lets enjoy the party!
you kidding? not a day goes by i dont think about that bike.
ill show you some images.
i can fast a hundred years and not die.
what if he makes a mistake and somebody suspects the truth?
give it to me. dont even think about it.
we are digressing.
so, coral, when you said you wanted an ocean view... you didnt think youd get the whole ocean, did you?
dont be such a bummer. rosie was just dropping off some brownies.
our love life is in a mess.
get back in your apartment. go..
the good doctor wouldnt like something more colorful?
well, what do you say?
ok, you are all set.
no. you can go to hell.
for killing your daughter.
why dont you just start by telling me what happened that night?
no, no please take me with you
and the pedophile he thinks hes in!
in your quarrel, youll lose your son.
its ok, its ok.
easiest time i ever did.
yankees, boston, this tuesday, two company seats for your shirt.
how did you know where to go?
i dont think theyre gonna stop him.
that jury back in iowa sure aint gonna get hung up on premeditation.
come on, chloe, come on.
youre good right there.
these are brand new pants.
curl away, my son.
do i look like a nanny?
you need a bellhop?
it does exist!
youre taking so long.
and you dropped her hair?
and when josiah asked why this was, the secretary replied...
thats what you get for trusting family.
remember, lex, youre the one opening pandoras box.
hope you got an airbag!
at station. okay.
you said your name was kent?
vultures wont devouryou
but i read a manual.
only sunrise gents and sunset ladies.
thats when we strike.
and then after you murdered the dharma folk, you relocated here.
youre still back in civilization.
if you really think i...
its called the nicodemus. its been extinct for a hundred years.
do you remember what happened to the last two men who took off in this boat?
yes. books are best friends of humans.
do you know where my dad is?
we didnt just fall out of touch with you, aria.
i thought you just maybe gave up on the whole institution of it, of marriage.
i dont know.
all right, people, lets stay together.
i was worried about you.
ive been down, ive been down
i am a mammoth!
sayid, you were unconscious for over 42 hours.
prayer should never depend upon the place or the people.
did they have dice and stuff?
did it work out or fizzled?
come on, you fools!
stop, stop, stop.
10 seconds to contamination.  daniel!  yeah, yeah!
maybe he wants to ask you to it.
personally, i can only have space for 200. three hundred, at most.
dan? your names dan, right?
what are you doing? stay back!
im very smart.
... wouldbecollectedbysomeone properly authorized to do so.
i know this is gonna be hard to understand, but ben linus appointed me as your leader.
he could cry.
this shit, this lets make the new guy prove himself bullshit.
as i was saying, the closest level one facility would be fox river state penitentiary.
and ill make sure its the best picture ever, ever.
that is ok, when he is older
can i talk to you for a sec?
okay, keep your flashlight low.
sanjay singhania saw you somewhere.
and tomorrow when i return to delhi..
you know, maya, why dont you just spend a few days with us?
well, the important thing is that youre home.
im coming. its ok.
hes not even in the computer system.
the tribunes club, in rome?
goddamn, the moneys gone!
what is it?
no, shes got other plans already.
music is playing!
let us see if shes immune to all our powers.
you dont want to do that, boy.
you wanted to go through the trench.
but you had feelings for him.
i wanna return the favor.
no. theyre not coming anymore.
if that was your concern.
but theres other jobs out there.
are you parents divorced?
this con says hes on a job in here.
how are you feeling jake?
just give me a second.
not a whole lot. why?
hes done it before, he could do it again.
i found these blueprints. there is no level 3.
wait a sec. are you on some kind of secret mission?
no thanks. im not really hungry.
figured its just another hell hole.
sorry. ive been at the talon all week with lana working on a history project.
actually, i thought we could sit here and enjoy them.
a man went in there.
we are miles apart. god knows why.
screams parcher you stay back.
yes, actually there was a call from america..
hey, clark. is your mom around?
just what you need, a bankrobbing roommate.
wouldnt youve given anything had i told about all moles i saw?
what do you think you are doing?
where have you put it?
this is like nothing youve ever seen before.
well, this is my safety, sir.
aunty called me urgently.
look at that fluffy unicorn!
you remember me?  yeah.
i cant believe this.
okay, prove it.
i owe my life to the prince.
go. ive made a decision.
are you mad, ram?
you understood us all this time?
it made it impossible for me to try to explain the nature of her madness.
clark, im telling you, this is good news for you.
i promise you that things are gonna be different.
i mean, she needed a little love.
close your eyes. okay.
my blood boils..
then you hit back even harder.
how did you think?
yes, id like your heart roasted on a spit.
lex, we didnt hear you pull up.
youre not coming.
i like being around you, clark.
you better find it.
i guess i must have kicked him harder than i thought.
its my phone.
hey, hey, hey, hey, im clean, man.
but you aint worth shit, man.
she found a napoleon franc from 1806 and had it made into the face.
but she loves him.
why dont you understand my helplessness?
with a slight chance of patchy sunshine
got any more of those?
and he is so focused on beating me that he forgets to lift the daggerboard
he heard whitney talking about his father, he said he could bring him peace.
you know who know do whackadoo.
you abused my father. get up!
hes vishwas, duggal sirs...  loyal like a dog.
the man i love.
for the thousandth time, you dingbat, the conversation already happened, but not for you and me.
lana, guess what.
i dont think this is a good idea.
this wait for a yes will keep me up tonight.
did you invite him properly?
a man possessed of some radical notions.
he missed you so much.
fingerprints are only on file if somebodys got a criminal record.
god be there, be safe out there, sam.
your last report was more than two weeks ago.
dont you dare bring him back.
straight off the plane from san francisco.
yet i got greedy and i did this mistake.
it was good of you to come so far.
actually, i came to see you.
who is the man in dark glasses before him?
and they have bones reinforced with naturally occuring carbon fiber.
uh, thats his house right there.
you gotta talk to me.
whered you see locke?
to support a murderer and for killing of...
for every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.
but no home, no hope...
in reality, its more like 2500 ft.
if youll excuse me, i got some real work to do.
what is it, hurley?
if you have any questions, call craig.
i won against the italian monkey.
hey, its its aria.
theyre trees. whatd you expect?
get out. get out.
you need to come with me.
and he drank the bottle of liquor.
will you eat or shall we eat it?
i think you should take vincent.
do you think this has something to do with earl?
only use the mimolette cheese.
theres 500 in there.
just bear with us one sec.
uh... get your stuff together and head for aunt esthers.
means..whenever he comes infront of u..
all the physical evidence points to this explanation.
youre scared of moving forward, with me, with us.
did you work in a lab with rats?
agreed.  we cant send him to his death.
and he better come as good as advertised.
im going to go get that spear gun.
sayid just filled my ear full of some crap about his damn purpose, and i wanna know...
are you the fella that killed them jenkins brothers?
we need some physical sample of the person like a bone or a fingernail.
well, it took some doing, but a p.i. friend of mine tracked that phone call back to the police department.
for all the choices ive made
one has to wonder how any roman could let it go.
but her place is probably close, right?
emergency. missile is locked on target.
are you sure its a her?
he didnt say jack. he didnt say sun. he didnt say ben.
no, hes still free.
we could be friends, you know.
ill take any risk till my life is not in risk.
i mean, its all about protecting yourself, right?
how are we going to fit through a few small holes?
do you have a card, agent kellerman?
and telling the police now about what happened to jenna isnt going to make her see again.
ill leave the bullet, you leave the life.
but then i was exiled by him... just as you were.
all right. lets get started.
wheres that smoke coming from?
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
actually, its too quiet now.
idiot won my heart!
ill just take my bag!
whats his status?
do you know what did they do last night?
along with her fiance.
put it gently... gently. damn it!
you are monsieur linguini?
call your boss.
in endless wake, moments stretch
the rain has washed away the trail. even if he was here, youve got...
i know im not quite my handsome self, but a hello would be nice.
and if they figure out how to deploy that gas...
sorry, guys, my bad.
sorry about your daughter.
youve got to keep feeding them for them to stay alive?
lets move before the bus blows. you, move.
okay so who wants ice cream?
i started the fire.
no, i dont really know.
i wish i had ten more like you,
ill just put those there.
dont look at it.
michael checked out the integrity of the rest, gave them an okay.
do you know what happened next?
after that night, we were never to have any contact.
its more than some crush, bella.
you see him, and you want him.
for the first time ive met someone
thats 250,000 for the russians.
and the stuff they stole from you. can the police trace it?
are you what passes for security in this zoo?
give the letter to the king.
you have no respect for cognitive reverie, you know?
then i guess that makes it a dictatorship.
i had no idea i stored so much stuff in here.
a night in hell i closed my eyes
oh, they are very knowledgeable...
why is it that a father is never able to tell his son... how much he loves him?
weve got enough people to dig.
then follow me.
i want to be a cosmonaut...
has she... even, like, talked to her dad since he walked out on them?
do you have an interview?
is that kate? what the hell are you doing out there?
if one student cant tolerate pressure why im i the one responsible?
police chased me.
tomorrow, well spread across so many countries i promise u all whichever country we are........... there well rape!
his name was laurent.
who did that? bea?
so you can play games all you want, but i know theres a human being in there somewhere.
yes, something you ate, because you eat basura, and you dont exercise.
this has nothing to do with harry.
who did it?
what brings you over so late?
we both have the same problem, this locke guy.
hes learning. just like hes supposed to.
i took a shortcut.
what can we lack in when youre with us, bhattu?
youre not the only one thats good at slitting throats.
she was tall, with blonde hair.
she wants her people to come here.
have you forgotten it was your people who fought alongside the white witch?
i cant tell you how much this thing itches.
now, thats when were awake.
were any of them africanamerican?
..by massacring that rogue king..
david thought i was having an affair.
thats why the...
..just like my brother did for so many years?
i can see it.
boom, went back to the room, gone.
im gonna keep on scanning.
as far as i can tell. i figured it would disappear with our stuff.
im glad youre here, bella.
i gave you this?
are you seeing her again?
nows my turn to tell her who i am.
if there was a plane, jin will find it.
im looking at him!
whats going on?
you going out...?
why would she do that?
save us, charlie. save us.
if you dont mind me asking, sir.
it has to be this flight. it cant be any other.
theyre getting a divorce.
its not for me to say.
using or dealing?
thats my fault.
i have to whisper it.
this is the rule of our happy club.
and everyone will sport french beard.
howd the parole meeting go?
hey, looky what i found.
just a glance.
youre still a junkie.
i imagine it appealed to his meticulous nature.
yeah. bring me your bottles
i got a car full of donuts for those kids.
until the war is won, i would think.
yes sir, i am.
its better. i know, i could see it in my mothers eyes.
dont be sorry for past, dont worry for future.
whoever he is, he didnt come with us.
any more questions?
but i wont do it any more.
well, were not going to get in up here.
i always thought that was just a plug line.
most of these guys got noshow jobs.
this way, kids. this way.
she will always  l know.
look at me.
i cant go on, not like this.
considering what were up against.
this is one of our finest artists, basil hallward.
cut and measured to length.
colonel, i cant see shit.
i need one more.
any guy at this party would be happy to be with me.
ill arrange for you to say goodbye.
this had better be good.
to say simply, ring tone too will tell about his character.
i had a goitre removed once.
dont i have a private life?
that your husband a mathematician with no military training...
these guys can protect us out in the open. what do you say?
chuckles no one else has seen an airplane, but if you have, could you call in to me, please?
in my raid of the great library earlier this year,
why hasnt he come yet?
its over, sasha.
i forced andrew here to marry me.
the other girls say hes a miracle baby.
am i blind, haig?
shall we have tea?
youve never been in any of the armed forces.
aint nothing but bats!
perhaps i can be of some help.
he was hunting something else.
is to put your pictures in from senior year.
you brave, brave soul.... thats right, dont give up hope..
if you can bring back other people why cant you bring back her?
she goes, funner isnt a word either.
you hear me?
i thought about what you said earlier and... do you really want off the rig?
ramona, go ahead.
i cant do this.
jamuniya is our stepsister
everyone say that on day one.
i will, gammy.
trust me now, please.
ive had ample opportunity to observe browning and adopt his physical presence, study his mannerisms, and so on and so forth.
im trying to respect your wishes.
where are you seenu?
i mean, who couldnt see that comin?
they only get started around 2.
how do you explain the pictures?
start by listening to her.
they murdered our king!
wow. its so quiet.
im from a different era.
i dont know, but from now on...playing safe..!
no sign of entry, the jewels and the cash just vanished.
you dont, you know.
theres a good chance of she having lot of lovers.
i fight for the users.
looks like theyre putting a train in front of 777 in an attempt to slow it down.
i think you want people to hate you.
richard. why havent you told him about my plans for jacob?
if we miss it, we can fix another time, why nobody is concerned about traditions getting mauled?
what on earth is that costume?
my pyjamas are a different colour.
but promise me that youll give it back...its mamas...
mithras, lord of light, father of our fathers, let me not bring misfortune to my legion.
so unless you want to blow up im coming with you.
i know you cant forgive me.
watch out, watch out watch out.
lets get the fuck out of here.
what is the monster?
i was an artist in a previous life.
what do you think his story is? who?
oh, jeez. who did this to you?
we called six times last night, spoke with six different people none of whom knew who you were.
only guests with special needs.
dont even think about it.
im the principal and not him.
its like time stood still in here.
i thought of that in 85.
but let me cry today.
all right, dude, were from the future.
the only place we stand a chance is right there.
i cant take those.
you must hear him sing
well, and i write too, but...
got 2 beautiful daughters though, eighteen, nineteen.
have it taken away from me and kept off the market like they did my air... airplane?
they would have if it werent for kitt.
oh, there they are. there they are. margaret!
you, get moving.
i think i heard her scream.
nick, get in here.
kitt,stop the countdown and deploy the damn flares.
we have to bring him back home.
your father is so great.
and i shouldnt have to.
if he finds me, he finds williams prison
maybe hes got a grandson or something.
i need you to trust me.
no, no, no, no. im sorry.
..where we remember you with renewed hope.
he wouldnt give me the chance.
he knows i was in the truck.
bruno, you can have your friends around in the morning before we go.
youre gonna have to climb up there for us and find out.
that screen filled up with system failure.
i am now.
now i know why youre so happy.
oh, i, uh...
im worried about you, my friend.
im not who they say i am.
ive seen it in his head.
you and jacko.
there was a rustling as a flapping of wings and a falcon flew to the windowsill.
that should be everybody.
you got me.
mecha dont plead for their lives!
i believe they have to do with unexplained phenomena. more or less. the reason youre here is we want you to assist mulder on these xfiles.
could you hold a saw?
im fine. dont worry about it.
she has a right to know.
you need two keys, the banks and...
they may not believe one, but if i can get all of them to step forward the board will have no choice.
suddenly everybody likes that one.
i stole her as a baby from an insane woman.
no. sometimes you cant tell cause fluid rushes to the area.
my parents met here. i guess im just looking for something to hold on to.
all right, so this, this... this bo uh, he coerces you into doing this, all to clear a 90,000 debt.
you get nicked with this...
my wife, she has breast cancer.
we were friends because of ali.
theyre much pushier these days.
do with her what you please.
trust me it only gets better.
let me have it, son.
whats the news about anjali?
go. go from here.
whats you name?
theyre called mittelos laboratories.
clark, i grew up in metropolis, i know the luthor world.
if any other student wants to go along..
we run now.
yeah. its 8.15...
it is still just you and i, right?
so this was the strangest love story of the world..
at the end of their day at the ironmongery or the build or boot factory, the workers can enjoy the many forms of pastime that the camp has to offer.
yes, please. im looking for someone whos missing.
air voice lucky contest...?
what this stuff?
first send my son here in a special flight.
shannon whats going on?
your arrest, your incarceration here frankly, we feel terrible about it.
i fought in the gulf war.
you used me to find a woman?
and... wear a different shirt
yeah, well, some of the kids were calling me a toonie.
what happened in the hall?
what life... filling in for a crowd... and she... preens like a superstar.
puss, what happened to you?
tell me, where do ive to come?
dilations almost back to normal. good.
he was the youngest child of a poor family who had no food for their children, so the parents decided to abandon them in the forest.
but its the students ball there tomorrow night.
how about you and i go for a walk?
licketysplit. i want to get home.
lucky for you that guys nothing but a pain in my ass.
michael, are you sure youre all right?
im not leaving them to die.
you rubbed the lamp.
were gonna burn!
veer, learn to control your anger.
pretty soon, no one will believe you even existed.
why are you silent?
what do you want from us?
i thought they were yours.
anushka has gone mad.
what really went wrong that night.
youre young and young people make rash decisions.
how do i drive the car?
let me do some digging.
so now no one is safe  not you, not me.
emts say they found you in a wrecked car. theres a note pinned to your chest.
no everyone sunk in race whats the use if u come first studying like this?
he lives in amsterdam with his mom.
no, not yet!
we can defeat them if we draw them to the river.
your philosophy is quite interesting.
bloat, thats disgusting!
ill talk to your ma and pa when i get home, okay?
the deal is off.
now, heres the funny thing.
to find your father? no.
wheres everybody going?
you look familiar as well.
he didnt leave the racetrack with us.
let me get you to jack.
he made me write it down so i wouldnt mess it up.
ill be right here.
weve news that the hurricane has hit wilhemina, georgia.
..dont punish me for no reason.
type in exactly what i tell you, understand?
clark, you cant save the world.
what are the rest of us supposed to do?
its a little after 4.
its too dangerous.  not your call.
they tinkle in melody to wound the hearts ofmillions
i was waiting for this scene since my childhood.
i told him about the islands location.
i dont want you near the kents. theyre offlimits, theyre under my protection.
other than knowing his name, ryan claims to have no memory.
once my fathers made his mind up...
help me, lex!
listen, i cant survive in the desert, okay?
two plus two is four.
hey, what the fuck?
i want you to take me back there.
not yet. but ill figure something out.
then youve got nothing to worry about.
l dont know, but were supposed to go to this place.
ill call back. i just got off the phone with the doctors. theyve isolated the problem.
aint no one gonna tango with the rango.
what is going on?
though its painful, my heart wants it,
we brought this worthless chap to you to convince you.
get on the ground!
do you know something?
who are you?
get the rope!
you think he knows this island better than i do?
sir, for you.
theres my beautiful daughter.
hey, dont get me started on that, all right?
hey, hows victoria?
couldnt have peed before you went under?
what if this is why were here?
get ready to scream, bitch!
my dad says i just have an overactive imagination, which does come in handy.
...we let fate decide.
what do you think youre?
it seemed to work out fine for her the second time around,
and what do you do, miles?
treat each other with respect...
you gotta hold on. stay. sta stay with me. just stay, okay? youre gonna be fine.
all i want is to be back where things make sense.
what if youre right?
now, im gonna read some words.
im not setting up house here.
.. you dont want to tell that to the police.
the air above him grew clearer, purer, cleaner.
no one will even know youre gone.
im gonna find hunt.
all right! lets move!
i still have those tickets to the journalism convention.
you were gonna offer some intel on the others
can you meet me?
hey, go to your left!
because, sergeant, you cant control who gets hit or who doesnt.
when your child will be brought to you for the first time before breastfeeding him, look at this stone once.
look after your baby.. with this nutritious baby food!
ok. this is what were gonna do.
dont mess this up.
where did you catch this?
come on, admit it. weve been rescued.
!  i dont need lex luthor.
do you hear me? !
we have a prelim hearing in the morning.
and i want all handiest evacuated by dark.
ive to die at any cost.
its good to see you, too.
i know why we have satellite disruption.
then, engagement stands.
its not coming off
how do you find me?
tell me, where is my money?
whats happening in there?
dont i know you?
our most valuable and most secure operating system is out there for free!
well have to take these photographs down.
..and refitted with these enormous light panels that are attached to the hull and onto the sides.
i can recall a bright light outside and a presence in the room.
its a foil. every hero should have one.
l will see you later.
it must be his little brother.
just get your stuff together. we got to get out of here soon.
first the banks run dry and now this here spigot?
ferrari? frankfurt? good plan?
now that youre here, i understood them.
alicia, john has always been a little weird.
baby, so where were we?
...the victory which you have obtained for us
help me make a stretcher.
well, im engaged to one.
i know where that is.
i would think youd be happy. every one of your stocks is up. your interests in orange futures skyrocketed after those tropical storms hit florida.
and dont forget the candles.
you dont understand.
imagine youre designing a building.
cambridge merchants. wait, thats the one that just got robbed, isnt it?
i think im just going to take a cab.
its a little different than new york, huh?
fifty acres of sweet corn. when it happened.
i want to tell the truth.
it will make a marvelous impression on our guest.
tongues may wag against you.
frank can i get erybodys attention?
now aint that a relief?
youll never guess what happened to me..!
i must go to bed.
were all screwed!  calm down.
ya ya where was i?
then she should have given you more information name, time, place.
this is...  back of the line.
everyones asking me whats in the hatch.
clearly, youre not ready...
i go there daily.
try and slow down 777.
where the hell do you think im goin?
he went to the caves to check on shannon.
why not here?
you lied to me, charlie.
that sucks for you.
you move as fast as you can.
mr. kent, this is a surprise.
sun, my advice, and its just that, because im the last person to ask about this, but you should tell him.
what happened? wheres my son giri?
when did i do that?
almost no magnetic attraction.
but without a reference number, theres no way i can work it out.
just think, the story behinds close doors..
i told you they were strange.
but no matter how many extraordinary gifts you have you will never be able to change that.
everythings moving on schedule.
ill go with you.
get me a pilot.
what does a mothers heart yearn for?
14 nights i know what youre asking
you see this gap here?
take your hands off.
why isnt he speaking?
get rid of her.
only 48 hours till the launch, and all systems are go.
come on. look at me! look...
here it is.
your fathers dead.
let these seconds prolong,
machine powers down
a good deed. a bad
i am so sorry about this.
old dan and i
what youd said, sir?
ive always loved you.
youre sorry about...
theres an entire army headed your way.
was anyone else with him?
youre the one whos here.
i wanted my life to mean something.
i salvaged a few things for you from the beechcraft. this is the planes radar emitter.
they all keep asking me to draw a map.
mama wont allow it...
is that whas happening?
what are you talking about, and why the whispering?
somebody is fighting back.
you win, okay?
the important thing is your mother does not feel that this is an appropriate place for you to be spending your childhood, and the more i think about it, the more i realise shes very probably right.
then commit them over again.
what are you gonna do, beam us up?
keyboard keys clicking
youre going to fit right in.
look, let me make some calls.
you cant drop them in unprotected. theres only so much i can do.
even if i forgive him, baba will not.
ive a new life, hes a watchman.
but just remember, i did ask nicely.
i dont care if its snake, it was a fish, grandma.
you spoke your mind, and you did what you wanted. kind of an alpha lana.
but you seem to have weakened
just do it!
then lets bet....tel wil u come..
then let him go.
gentlemen, this is now a police matter.
somebodys going to see us.
no, thats your lifes ambition. mine is to take over luthorcorp.
i didnt know what to say at the time...
whats on the tv?
he must have input a wrong digit.
i take better pictures than that.
end this broadcast now or youre gonna be one of the cons instead ofjust filming them.
please, just let me...
whoa whoa, where are you going?
that house is only mine.
probably your breath.
everyones either a dude or a sister!
welcome to day one of death race.
i was there cause i killed three people.
pia im dying..
right, then. todays meeting is step 5...
youll love again.
now, stop channeling chloe and come on.
marry her, boy. shell be here.
pressing the clutch, raise this accelerator, when i push the car, release the clutch.
its a nice shirt.
five thousand years old.
we shouldnt be afraid of our feelings, sib.
police are baffled by the escalating murders and disappearances.
she teaches at hollis, so i do see her,
were just good friends.
he was 13 years, nine months and four days old.
i need your help, son.
do i look like a bloodhound to you?
nick, this is great.
happy fourth of july, daddy.
that helicopter is our only way off this island.
your move, flynn, come on.
even with the just as friends rider, im impressed.
come on. lets go.
whats the matter, doc?
grow old, good luck. but im doing this. my son and i are leaving.
im her brother.
those are fake necklaces.
hey, we meeting at the roosevelt hotel.
if youve to choose between your father and me then who will you choose?
yeah. aisle eight for regulation.
ill be back in a year.
i guess i hoped it wouldnt be in the middle of the night.
man, that aint gonna work.
he told us to come in here and wait.
just calm down. theres no need to panic, all right?  well just go back to camp and...
i swear to god, i dont know what happened.
mmhmm. there were two of you.
brief him on the route into the complex.
we got a vehicular, people!
returned? youve been here before?
but is he mad to marry her?
i didnt know.
one of the most important...  he head butted me.
who made the approval?
dont try to involve her into our life...
i dont have a lot of time.
to be honest, there may have been a major meteor strike on the site.
without it, theres nothing but dust and decay.
everyones gonna hate me, rose.
cynthia, its lisa.
oh, its so fuzzy. oh, no.
surprized to see the man who wanted you dead saving your life?
to get in and do what?
cause he knows its gonna work.
no army today. no guns
my mom said you were here.
that it offended her...!
i ran from myself.
im doing it for her.
we have to tell the others when we get back.
were going up against gunships with bows and arrows.
and then we wontjust get our lands back
he still thinks hes the principal.
i was looking for a pair of socks.
can you do that?
unfortunately, this trains air brakes were disconnected.
not her, the other girl.
do you want your bag?
your husband was in the tail section of the plane.
because your coffee spilled.
the door, luke! the door!
1206, this is dispatch.
do you want to double the entertainment?
ethan infiltrated us.
were supposed to find this, right?
i expected an average girl for narsings sister, shes super figure!
but how can i return it..
alceste, for example, he wants to be a minister.
one hears of such men.
veronica, the white swan variation.
is that why you were shouting for help?
his names connor.
they left the bank using the stairs!
hes lying. hes lying.
go from there.
now, friends, take three puffs of this cigarette.
x ray vision.
genius.did you call, sir?
cause hes pretty protective.
youre scared, huh?
do we know each other well enough for me to say that this truck is a little much?
weve left them alone, so why would they attack us a few days later?
lucky.  yeah. you can say that.
what do you want me to do?
i know its late, but i just wanted to ask you a few more questions.
sorry, i was a little vague on the details.
dont apply reason to her actions. shes a mother who lost her child.
itll keep you living... just like me.
the key is to keep turning it.
guess youll never know what it really feels like to be god.
open the front door!
no, lcasz.the other night was my fault.
surely there must be something youre not telling us.
hey, walt, you got to keep that dog quiet.
i cant run anymore.
but... you wanted the car so much!
i dont fancy your chances of catching up with me tonight, though.
guess i should get a lawyer.
my past will always haunt me,kitt.
try to keep your wrist bent, like its showing.
and now, youre going to take me to the hatch.
i dont know what it is.
yeah, you think the sewers connect to the subway station?
i served free in your younger days.
she does the tales of the unexplained. why not give her a call?
strictly bureaucratic stuff.
down in the street, its unforgiving.
papa was not there...
we have more now on that runaway freight train in rural pennsylvania.
today she has come refusing the marriage arranged by her father.
the numbers are what brought me here.
i have to find david.
rancho, its impossible to reach over here.... so do as i say!
arent you the pessimist.
look, i get it.
im gonna go see if this guy knows what was in there.
ill cut you down.
what size dress you wearing?
my call, tinas already on a bus to metropolis.
he said you left the office hours ago,
she needs be escorted out immediately.
a woman, libby, she didnt make it through the first week.
how long do we have?
she lives in irvine, california, just south of los angeles.
i want him found.
im going to go scout before we move.
we can swap stories on the road.
i must say im sorry to be losing your business.
...and your moisturizing lotion...
i could be a different person.
why would i lie?
a picture in your head.
cristal on ice, the cigars, not easy to find this time of night.
i am going to save you.
dim the lights, the carnage is about to begin.
so as your family.
he died in australia three years ago.
i spent the last eight years of my life searching for the woman i love.
hes your son.
did you crunch the numbers, dad?
i got a couple more people interested in joining up.
is that why you pretended to be one of us?
i promise you that i will always keep you happy... always papa
this is my town now.
every man for himself.
i thought my life was over when i lost my scholarship, but i was wrong.
i could make you one of two dishes that i actually know how to cook,
it crossed my mind.
yes, and if i were you, id listen.
why are you here?
would that have stopped you?  no. well, then im glad you finally got it out of your system.
look, theres going to be trouble here in minutes, may escape without paying in that commotion, so, recover everything along with your tips, right?
youre gonna do this for me or im gonna clip your nuts like i clipped your daddys.
i gotta get home.
look, i loved susan very much.
hes gone. he ran out.
that was that.
i wanna see marie!
this man walked into camp and put a gun to my head,
this is destiny. this is destiny. this is my destiny.
he fights for the users.
the reason there are two keys is were only supposed to open the safe together.
and that i have an imaginary friend?
put em in a house and sit on em.
face shouldnt be frowning like hers.
its all right.
just now i killed your son, his body is lying there, go.
max thank you, sir.
what kind ofpunishment is this dad?
hes a nice guy.
knight three, pull up!
so you dont want to take my name as a sign ofrespect. thats great.
l made a judgment call.
those are the pajamas you decided to bring to alaska.
its getting worse.
her name isis, uh...
let me tell you something, rose.
something im ashamed of.
the ledger rushed a special edition.
how longs that going to last?
have you ever had sex with a prostitute?
i want to watch this.
look, he just... saved me.
yeah, yeah. we got it.
it can interfere with the planes navigation system.
find it leisurely.
daddy thinks you look real nice, fifi.
how did this pathan came here?
you have no idea what youre doing.
teddy is a supertoy.
do you have some savior complex?
after all, were only human, right?
i seriously doubt id forget meeting you.
we need help!
theyre closing up on us.
i think that drive shaft might be dead.
isnt that your theory?
go take a shower. you stink.
admit it. im a nuisance.
we neednt do it, there are many to do it for us.
..and hire the grandest mansion in london.
yes, you were photographer from boyhood.
no. but its gotta be there. i can sneak in and get it.
theres only two reasons why a man would do that, sayid.
well, its more of a hunch based on some quick calculations.
red and gold no doubt were here to win one out
i think you got one guy with a gun.
..but youre married.
heyy but u idiot..do both the things..
sorry about that.
its about your brother.
mommy, i wanna go home.
weve been through this.
oh darling take me away
ive had enough!
they must never have built it.
shes getting what shes owed.
can we just wait a few more minutes?
and that this, this is our land!
hes gonna lose that finger!
killing you was written in my fate
you call this family?
but if you want somebody to blame, how about those filthy bloodsuckers you love, the cullens?
what would you say if i told that im thinking about closing the lake?
you got a problem with that, i live at 551 bunker hill street.
oh my, these chocolates are old.
whats it look like im doing?
devika cheated aarush.
seans mother is a dentist.
theyve found basils body in the river.
are you doubting her feelings for you?
quite a surprise to hear a woman singing in my house, eh?
it leads to hell!
the way i feel about you, thats real.
thanks for walking me home.
have you ever taken one?
be gracious, devon.
her brother, seth, also phased.
im taking dads ashes and going to haridwar..if u say, ill even take ur bones along with that!
all the rest are standard clauses.
you so totally have to tell her.
she wants her people to come here.
mind where youre digging.
im downtown. wilshire and olive.
what do you want?
im working on it.
well, if you do see him, tell him to keep his mouth shut. if he has something to say, leave sayid out
well, i wasnt saying it to you.
so that you can come out of your illusion of being a genius.
is it ever possible that my son dreams of something and i dont turn it true.
but isnt it your duty as an elder to forgive him for his mistake?
you knew this would happen.
dont come upstairs, go
what the hell is that thing?
you aint from around here, are you?
but in my dream, you play by my rules.
grace augustine is a legend.
you sound like my parents.
could i have a bay breeze?
whats wrong with him?
he still heading north?
i just have enough for a snack.
we dont know.
remember how i taught you to eat them.
tanya, give me the gun.
we forget, my lords, narnia was once a savage land.
it may be his pocket borough, but it ought to meet some standard.
ive got them on me.
if we wear long skirt or churidhar, they say we belong to olden times, if i wear modern dresses, rogues are after me.
lime oil, yes indeed.
yeah, what the hell you know about it, capone?
you ask her in the next 60 seconds you get the tickets and ill throw in a roundtrip limo ride. starting now.
how, by getting yourself killed?
lm sorry, john.
i guess i forgot to load that one.
patricia once youve had a loverrobot youll never want a real man again.
forget about it.
theyve been bombed.
alice and i had a wonderful time.
i love you too, walt.
you guys wait over there.
now youre going down!
why should i trust you?
if youre worried about vincent, hes gonna be okay, man.
i trust you.
i dont... i dont know about you, but...
i dont know how to sail.
did you two come here with this man?
its about how you want to leave this world.
im sorry, juliet.
she wants me to sign my son away?
and to the republic... for which it stands...
listen to me.
youve seen the blueprints.
dont worry. im sure shes home by now.
wren, i thought you were an axe murderer or something.
as you saw it.
...is just sad.
i never expected you to give her to me for nothing.
i dont know what im required to say in order for you to have intercourse with me but could we assume that ive said all that?
imagine, losing your nephew, the rightful heir to the throne, on the very night your wife has blessed you with a son.
have a good night.
is it true that you killed one of them?
were going to make it.
to calm the beasts inside.
wheres the island in which my father is kidnapped?
youre saving them from loneliness.
youre on in 5!
my subconscious seems polite enough.
if this is the respect you show your partners, i wonder if i made the right decision.
your safety is our top priority.
im in the hospital somewhere.
lawsuits take years.
maybe she has a romantic side you never knew about.
and i dont have anything else to be afraid of.
or maybe you wanna come back and explain to your kid how you let all of them die, too.
but people say you dont do anything. thats a good thing!
why dont you all go up ahead?
to make a peace pact
not for anything.
i need to talk to you.
now we have to watch, whats next.
what do you want?
my fathers dagger is my bond.
despite your stupid jokes, you secretly balme me for the accident.
youre right, you cant save them from old age and illness but thats not the point.
oh we got one over here!
do you feel that?
and what did he say to you?
by the year kennedy was shot andy had transformed a storage room smelling of turpentine into the best prison library in new england...
this is an oil rig.
alpha 101, alpha 412, alpha 407 en route to the north end of the bridge.
when she had the princes hair in her necklace thing he loved her.
i dont love anyone else.
he made us all jack asses.
please, take all of the time you need.
a focused and compressed microwave beam.
make it 25,000 to the first man that smashes and levels that transam.
im talking about something real, something measurable in a biology of the forest.
have you ever fallen in love?
lock all the doors, you worthless witches!
youre the science teacher, figure it out.
now, you should know, since our conversation, the situation has escalated.
im so thankful for you.
i used to be a good kid.
it was something, it was a long number.
you look exhausted.drink this.
okay.  track geometry, alignment...  thank you so much.
i could have done something, but then i would have been slaughtered along with him.
i still wanna get off it!
i need to find it. i need to find it.
uh, ramonas kind of hung up.
whoever tipped off the cops about lincoln burrows called from this number.
and through her i met my real father. great news, right?
how long do you think?
thats why crawford here is gonna go get it for us.
how about a description?
i guess he made it.
now that depends where that is.
babu is not picking the phone call.
for a little while, id lay in bed every night wondering if that was a mistake.
i have the keys to the car.
thats some vocabulary you got kid.
well, then, find em.
your life depends on it.
you got paid, right?
would kill me?
you mean no one has been in any of these rooms today?
it must be such a funny joke.
what, are you crazy?
and reduced the extracurricular activity with your lady friends.
uh, but keep your eye on the rearview mirror.
and where is phil?
no, not my pretty ball!
youre not going to seattle.
i just wonder, you think i might stand out in this thing?
aladin, i was just..
so this boyfriend, this is this guy brian porter?
why were you at the rally?
i couldnt shoot her.
where are you taking me?
do you have an objection?
im really feeling it, as well.
long time no see. sync   edited by rogard lost season 04 episode 06 what are you doing here?
lets go home.
walt help, please!
fuck him up, bill!
please dont talk about her.
the scroll we had was proving to be helpful.
youve been giving me credit for his gift.
that lets you create closed loops, like the penrose steps.
so what, priya.
and all my life starts
youre the warden, louis!
you work for the cla.
anjali shes right!
get away from the window, hugo.
this water things great.
so, what do you think, sayid?
alright. come on.
hey little girl...
its ok. its ok.
theyre still debating the route.
yeah, i would too.
man had been running the same scam for 40 years.
weve got six months in this one, muntzy. ill be right behind you.
look, you get him in there.
how come hes so popular?
i want everyone to walk out of there alive too.
i just saw them.
get us to the narnians and it will.
if your wife doesnt return at least youii have her photo
this oregon female is the 4th person in her graduating class to die under mysterious circumstances.
im not gonna cut your skin.
mr. ranvir law does start from your police station but it ends in court.
cause we can always get you that sea breeze.
is essentially a question of style where literal meaning
trust me, hell just melt.
not since english. shes probably hanging out with justin.
i have an idea.
you want to know why...
i thought it might be going a little slower than you guessed, but these two numbnuts that you sent.
what is the insinuation here?
now i am worried.
you guys are crazy!
ive been in london two weeks now.
phelan, wheres clark?
he always knew.
you know, we can do better than a barbeque.
aah, i had given to raju, raju design?
i dont know why he keeps saying that.
so are you gonna do it or what?
sounds like youre an expert.
also bought with my fathers money. make sure you jot that down.
and you did nothing.
its his...  whats the date today dad?
i mean sure, they tossed me into a flaming tar pit..
sir, his manager and his secretary are here.
no. i was waiting for you.
so you are a sailor of that boat.
it was three years ago.
how long will we keep making small films?
its a feeling, a sense.
no, no, no, its embarrassing.
i want you both to know how truly sorry i am about this.
i waited so much that i became a waiter.
admiral on deck!
ill call it in.
how can we claim to represent the name of gusteau if we dont uphold his most cherished belief?
its not your concern.
well, clarks always acting weird. give me a gauge.
i cant stop it!
she may be your friend not mine.
stop moving, or, i swear to god...
you just going to stand there?
why dont we all put our guns down?
well, i havent.
you dont look too happy about this.
you didnt tell me that.
i said it... didnt i?
maybe... but whos gonna get my back?
he wont meet anyone from ice in his whole lifetime!
he must know what hes doing.
hes with you?
stop the car!
i know about the foie gras.
im gonna go grab the paper.
thats a great memory.
i had a feeling you might volunteer.
you want proof?
the avatar would have to be an airbender.
im not walking out on that field, and neither are you.
you have to...
more batteries will launch a stronger beam.
just about her ship crashing here and her research team getting stranded.
im scared i might... die, like the others.
theres aboriginal horde out there, massing for an attack.
water aint money. money is money.
oh, this is our last job.
what do you think?
you werent looking at the accident scene?
lanas going to be dateless for her own party.
i celebrate myself and what i assume you shall assume.
i only know how to summon it. i dont know where it actually is.
but i promise ill bring sun back.
cant drop you without gravity.
thats why i called it a burro!
no offense but i was flying these things when you were still in grade chool.
no, just looking to do something different.
i will come visit our sister city in the southern water tribe and spend some time in your home.
our answers were things like astronaut, president, or, in my case, a princess.
so when you do your chores, dont use your abilities.
do you want to take a walk?
that dr. wells did something.
take them off, i said.
ok thank you!
listen, this guy married his high school sweetheart at 19.
i thought, here i am about to die and im never gonna get the chance to tell her how i feel.
ahaana, dont you feel that its a strange coincidence.
aang was practicing, but for some reason, he was having trouble with waterbending.
i gotta get back to work.
he was an american too. a doctor.
you have to stay away from the kids!
you are learning it soon and playing it in tune.
its a girl.
im challenging you, starting now, to stop dealing in opinions and assumptions and start dealing in facts.
i know its not just me.
that guy down here...
how is she gonna be valuable?
to return the clothes.
so you believe me?
because im a doctor and youre a hillbilly.
you left it in the chapel.
im sorry for your loss, sir.
you did it to yourself. amanda deserves better.
yeah, if we can make it to the end of the pier
oh, mr. rango.
i didnt realize she and ali were friends.
how can i miss seeing a guest lecture by the inimitable john nash?
shell make you a real boy, ill make her a real woman and all will be right because you held my hand and saved my brain so that once again my customers may ask for me by name
im putting you down.
no, look, nobody ever taught me how to do this. okay?
carry on what?
from this moment on, you will be known as sharkbait.
larousse ran gun for the resistance.
were you really so angry?
well, the most special thing in my life... is that some nice workmen in blue helmets...
i once read about a rich man who survived a hotel fire.
clean this mess up.
stop...stop...just pull over...
ive got this thing about needles.
will someone also ask me!
i had to show you the difference between him and me.
albert einstein has apparently said.
whats so shocking about bathing with lifebuoy soap?
just wanted to see how you boys are doing.
how could this happen?
and then i saw a plane crash.
but it would be nice to find some time to catch up with your aunt bea.
you guys should stay here. hurley, get back here!
that douche is my dad.
looks like the mails still working.
come out and show yourself.
anyway, he swam out in the open water to this boat... and when he was out there, these divers appeared... and i tried to stop them, but the boat was too fast.
keep quiet sir, dont raise his tension.
30,000 on a toilet seat, do you?
i dont know why ?
look at how cute you were.
25 years ago, you trusted prithvi..
its a boy.
dude, im open!
i have put it in your bag...
now, which side are you on anyhow, fish?
i never had a rich daddy to keep me out of jail.
im from minnesota.
whyd you do it?
lex, i specifically told you to cut your work force.
he brought the clans together in a time of great sorrow.
we would like a room please.
he fucking pissed himself!
general, im really anxious to get back to el toro.
i know its really scary... not being in control of ones own mind.
you cant stay here to be with her.
thats just what amos said.
you dont get it.
aarush, close your eyes.
does that work for you, honey? just you and i tonight?
look at her face!
just give a great performance and you wont have to worry about lily or anybody else.
i know who you are.
i know where hes gone.
gimpy mccrutch covers up that the artist formerly known as henry gale tried to strangle your little amiga and its on me when she goes vigilante.
can you get to the prison ac unit?
youve got a freakishly good memory.
this particular of piranha vanished from the face of the earth more than two million years ago!
id pictured some freckled country oaf in ghastly dress.
you wouldnt know that because i didnt when i created you.
doc, what do you think this is  this, uh, this rash?
what do you say?
i dont want to get shot.
there are only seven of us.
i saw the people in the sky.
wait, wait, hold on.
saitos dead by now.
she said, i know youve been thinking about that so i figured wed get it out of the way and be friends.
if you run into him whatever you do, dont let him touch you.
i cant help loving your daughter more than ive loved anything in my life.
right here, mr. luthor.
yeah? well,i thought maybe id grab a beer.
marcee cant be real. she never gets old.
in the middle of the night.
the man is hiding something.
pia, your phone
lying son of a bitch!
wont i? youve used my guru to buy tvs, fridge, vcrs, twoinones.
i think michael has been compromised.
what kind of a guy lets you open your own door like that?
ben... youll never guess who just showed up at my door.
may i look through them?
just now we talked about her. she appeared immediately.
because whatevers hunting us is gonna continue hunting us till were both dead.
your father was a weapons designer in army, he designed a weapon,
id say hes a guy who gets what he wants.
what are you doing out here, sayid?
ill give you ten minutes head start.
three to be safe.
the subject is 156cms in length, weighing 52lbs in extremis.
get her home!
your job assignment. sighs
youve seen the blueprints.
all right, its clear sailing to the finish line now.
is who i win it from.
or when we get there, youll wanna go back to the orchid again.
i wish my father would do something other than fishing.
how long have you been searching for this, clu?
hariya lts the truth
how much longer?
come on! fucking pretty boy!
was. we chased her all the way to the canadian border the other night.
nobodys going to hurt you.
no, but i dont! really! its not me.
its not working.
the guns a last resort, kate.  you give locke that same speech?
what is the matter with you, rose?
count me in.
yeah, i remember.
im not 7 anymore, im not casting lines in the paddock.
fell in there.
i worked on it as a memorial to you.
i mean, the boy who has a good job and does work on time..
poignant instrumental music princeton university  two months later
its tough running a family business.
there will always be killing, you see?
couple of minutes, tops.
thats why i called you, go in.
his heart is clear as water
come on, let me touch it.
it smells like roses.
im writing four names down.
i could get used to it.
well, you wont be drilling teeth.
you know the rest of them?
let me do my job! you brought me in.
protect me from what?
no, i cant, john.
dont worry, nothings happened to me.
i promise to bring him right back.
lf you permit me ill bring them.
man killed the vice presidents brother.
oh, no you cant go.
i dont know about you, but the rest of us been having a wonderful time.
whats this urn doing here?
i mean there are 4 men like ladies bodyguards around devi.
hold on, sir.
she went to school with my son.
i dont pick up continuous transmissions. thats all i have.
because my daughter is his girl friend.
but if she sees me with someone else, its like im saying the doors closed.
dr. graiman,michael and sarah have lost consciousness.
expel your mecha!
a genie cannot harm anyone who has a piece of the lamp.
will you come with me?
you are not qualified to be...
theyre calling radio stations, making dedications.
why dont you let me go first?
second best was for losers.
bauji wont allow it... ill ask for it from bauji...
sawyer and me took him to the others so that they could save him.
youve really been distracted today.
we have to do this.
the wires been reversed.
well, youll just have to wait.
youll need my connection to the pack to keep tabs on whats going on.
hethe be on his way, jenny.
surrender your weapons!
then do your damn job,carrie.
i came by to pick up the lamp.
no, you dont understand.
okay, open your eyes, lana.
oh, dont get smart with me.
you wanna stay here and whine about it?
im here to make sure that doesnt happen.
why should he get caught unnecessarily?
good morning, company.
oh emperor.... youre great
i saw it on his desk. its the missing piece.
now, lead on!
just us cooks.
a delay now would be more costly than when you waited to evacuate the cities.
i trust you.
took it through my gut.
we owe him the benefit of the doubt.
bob, im in love.
i asked for a sign.
one for the team.
who cares who they are? we dont even know when they are.
you should have warned us before we launched a counterattack that cost the lives of hundreds of our pilots!
how long would it take to get here?
just hush, bernard. just hush.
you dont understand the pressure...
i had no idea how bad you wanted off this rock.
dont you want anything, clark?
i have called for it,... its waiting thank you,..
agatha tells me your father was also an artist.
youre familiar with this then?
once we get our freight. its your train.
theres no one in the hallway but an electrician.
or, as the good reverend would say,
this is dummy wiring. if you cut the wrong one, boom.
keep it coming, fifty.
hell be impressed by you and leave.
he went to go get some medicine. over there.
company wants to get rid of us old heads.
i love you.
your mama gave you up, kate.
why would she write this, ramona?
88 over 52. no radial pulse.
i flew over smallville.
we had our fight, and now hes running away again.
i mean how am i going to survive back home?
we went there for a picnic and made love under that oak and i asked and she said yes.
you people have no imagination.
because im not normal.
let me give you some privacy.
what are you up to?
l need new batteries.
you tell me whats inside, and ill give it to you.
wheres your maledriven, factbased logic now, jack?
i shouldnt, but...
i heard screams, i got worried.
theyre at the prayer field!
how did you score the tickets?
a snap means...
remove all laptops
that is freedom, baby.
well hide it in a hut and raise it in secret.
i cant give it to you.
and i didnt even call you back.
there are two joyous occasions in a fathers life.
seems we need to have another powwow.
all right, i dont have time for this bullshit.
she knows too much now.
youre much better.
if she refuses, then i remain sachin... and i fade out of her life.
ill talk to you later.
is it yours?
i dont have time right now.
every old dad is enemy of his young son.
why isnt it coming?
hands above your heads, both of you.
i trapped her with your sisters help.
i wish i shared your faith.
how far from where you were captured?
you should go out. try to find yourself a nice woman.
hows your head?
youre the one who said..
what are we gonna do?
i was very popular!
why is it always im the one whos getting used?
how about our boys?
question is, whyd you let us in at all?
last thing i heard before the crash, you wanted a favor.
..that you couldve simply handed him the diary..
how long you think hes been dead?
claire, there is no infection.
pupillary reflex is good.
this will just take a sec.
this this kid who used to live in the building. tommy.
long live the users.
..can it cause any kind of harm to us?
well, obviously, youre not looking hard enough.
naik sir, this mad man has been threatening us, kill him.
im doing good, mate.
somebodys trying to hurt me!
i always knew youd return.
this is not going to work, little chef!
katara, dont go near it. this is probably some fire nation trick.
dance with it?
it is unclear, what their plan is...
aw, man, im so busted.
anjali refused to leave the birthday party...
we do not refer to ourselves as hostile,
exhales deeply sighs i saw you earlier today when you were helping kate, and i wanted to say something to you then, but...
if you come with me, i will be more than happy to explain exactly how we just saved your life.
i dont care.
largehearted. a man of high principles
you wont leave me again and go will you?
maybe theyre not attacking us.
his photo... the man who wants to kill you.
we have been through all this.
my name is miss klugh.
l promise, in my line of duty..
whatever you need to say, you can say it here.
the radios dead, so i havent been able to call in our situation.
this is madness.
not sure i really believe its true.
your friend went that way.
thats how you joined us.
ill arrest you.
you have to help me!
looks like our friend got his throne back.
one, two, onetwothreefour.
civilians are being stranded behind enemy lines.
well, my names mary, and i hear this is the first time youre flying by yourself.
oh. im mason bridge.
after new moon bathe that human blood in moonlight.
your friend faraday... said that you were from the future.
its not my concern that youre dying?
you really screwed up, rookie.
this is my daughter!
bruno, can you come and help me finish sorting out in the kitchen?
yeah, and they all had the same name...
ok, you know what?
i mean, whats the attraction?
yes, aakhri pasta told me about the tragedy..
fish is irritating in hands but very tasty in mouth.
you face has fallen as ifwe are already married.
so you came to see for yourself.
i didnt expect this turn.
you are all set.
just take what you can.
im so glad you changed your mind.
well, aint you the brave one?
we leave for the very plausible state of oregon at 8am.
donnt say anything about your sister.
does she know?
greed has brought you to this..
the record is spinning again...
i want a gun.
he wont say.
i have no more questions,your honor.
the scorpion will sting.
if youll excuse me, im just gonna... yeah, you know, we should... we should step back.
thatd kill a lot of innocent people.
looking for some revenge?
did he tell you what happened to them after the island moved?
i know earl jenkins. he used to work for us.
i can hit too, sir
my heart beckons you to come to me.
why are you staying?
will you believe this?
that would be me.
if i told you, then it wouldnt be a secret.
i noticed that. there are hundreds of boats way across the street.
albert read me a story like that.
like synapses between neurons.
i dont want this in my house.
not the second most talented guy, i know?
im actually one of the few men with a maiden name.
no one would talk about it.
youre funny looking.
it happened because you left, jack.
why do you need to talk to him?
youre the best.
now youve left yourself open for a hostile takeover.
she filled happiness all my way,
eh! just help joe find out who did this.
you want to give me a hand?
no, theyre just having fun.
hey, mom, whose truck?
you cant hit nothin!
i know. ive seen it three times this month.
i swear to god, it gets deeper and deeper.
i still dont support your decision, clark. im here to see that no one gets hurt.
youre insinuating something.
and left me to play in the garage.
she wants me to be something im not.
gotcha! hey! hey!
also, look at this builtin desk.
i did what i had to to get to my children.
you screamed for help and called the police. please.
the shops closed for now.
his fathers sick.
what are you looking at?
one minute child... one minute...
you know, aladin..
eagle six at seven.
sorry. were out of guns.
even if we let them go..
um.. where is the design farhan ive given you the design right?
how am i supposed to explain that?
you were able to repeat your accidental success.
im not in the mood for your games, man.
theres no time!
and you just kept looking?
rizzo, is everything okay?
i wanted to see it for myself.
no! im due...
wait, you just happened to remember it?
this could be our last night on earth.
hes on the terrace.
thank you, staff sergeant!
thats enough out of you.
i just wanted to thank you.
you gave away nikkis treatment money!
you could always take it out and count it.
and i am saundarya bhagyalaxmi venkateshwari basappa rao.
sergeant, you got your men this far.
and then, sun, you will die.
and why are we even going there?
not unless hes got a sledgehammer with him.
you can have a crack at the old mans high score.
you didnt give the letter, did you?
hes confusing, we can find it.
i just want you to know, i closed the book on that day at the bridge.
you wont make it.
any search teams wouldve given up weeks ago.
a meeting of aidids senior cabinet may take place today at 1500 hours.
how did it start now?
because haute cuisine is an antiquated hierarchy built upon rules written by stupid old men.
what kind of dog is that?
because im only gonna say this once.
are you sure you want to carry all this cash with you?
claire, i love you.
we have to go back?
but whats even more disturbing...
go to your church.
whoa, whoa, slow down.
..i didnt even touch her, really.
dont worry, toby appreciates discretion. nobody will ever know kyle was here.
once theyve made their rounds, well make the call.
why did you lie?
its hard, i know.
clark, we got your message.
he deals with conspiracy.
well also take shifts guarding bella at her house.
the pilot said we had lost radio contact, but by then we were already a thousand miles off course.
lady, is this guy bothering you?
just like locke said they would.
the sub leaving tomorrow morning returns in two weeks.
calm down, kevin.
yeah. right. well...
how many ap classes does it take
these girls want a tour of the city.
listen, i need you to listen, or people are gonna die.
you think thats what killed the pilot?
everyone sitting out here listening to that poor boy scream all night knows whats got to be done.
its gonna be a great afternoon of racing.
thank god i found all the rogues together.
whos your friend?
you broke his nose.
you hook me up with a few weeks supply?
i have to stop him.
where is he, richard?
and its coming fast!
id be back in less than a day.
your primary target has shifted course.
im sorry, hugo.
previoulsy on prison break...
can anyone hear me?
im a big fan of amitabh bachchan.
you cant live out here alone.
this is ur passion..this..this go n post this letter..
and on your left, the lovable lug that showed us you dont have to change your undies to change the world!
just answer me this.
claire, look at me. its ok. youre safe now.
please, daddy. will you let him stay?
and this woman, charlotte. you dont care about her, do you?
available for security.
and they need someone to tell them what to do.
father, your son isnt that great a warrior..
you guys need to find a way to say goodbye together.
do not let him.
you got in.
dont forget to watch the news tomorrow.
hurley. oh, just...
i thought youd never ask.
here you go, 52 big ones.
now theyre just ignoring us? how are we supposed to know why theyre not answering?
he was a very brave man.
yeah, we missed it.
be easy, son, all right?
youre just imagining things.
and there wont be any confusion.
theres no theorem, no proof,
he didnt even phone.
you look drenched.
gradually, he became aware of a world beyond the tannery... where utopia of unexplored smells lay in store for him.
unlike your whore at the inquisitor, im not for sale.
shes already scared.
after all, my choice matters!
i told you what i thought you could handle.
why cant you go get him yourself?
so youve added mind reading to your many abilities.
if ethan knows were behind him, he could be setting up a dummy trail.
ill just clean your papas room...
firstedition panels framed in your house.
thats all thats left?
all right, lets do this thing!
you werent hunting. you were doing something else. havent we been over this?
i mean, he probably cant even kiss you without hurting you.
au revoir, rat!
then whats the problem?
thy rod, thy staff, they comfort me.
now vishwatma has the right to this benefit of doubt.
yeah. i cant take credit for that.
we all know how persistent lex can be
do you know i was just here for a checkup today?
..and watch how i avenge the death of your brothers.
miraz may be a tyrant and a murderer but as king, he is subject to the traditions and expectations of his people.
sir im not blaming you sir actually im blaming the system sir ive got some statistics sir in suicides india is no1 sir every 1 half hour one of the other students attempt suicide, sir
thats the florist.
so, to prove your sanity, you go tromping through the jungle alone. well done.
hes checking to see if the woods are clear before he goes.
hes coming towards us, sir.
i didnt mean to get you involved in this.
did you see father? how that devil has beaten him?
so whats up with you guys and the old dharma jumpsuits?
pops, this is every phone book in america.
what happens to his body?
after today everything will change.
how many were there?
probably a good idea.
its okay. youre having your baby.
gets badges mostly.
he was trying to do the right thing.
be prepared for that too.
..so, my attempts are on.
this aint training. in training they just give you an f. out here, you get killed.
so my message is not lost, or ignored, or misinterpreted.
so, what did one snowman say to the other snowman?
bumper to bumper, and youre listening to archana.
what about crab simmons?
so much traffic today...
that i got a bad feeling?
yeah, no worries.
theres no transmission.
its called the wall of weird, and no this picture is just to check against missing persons.
your mommy loves you with all her heart.
my hotel is only threestorey tall.
yeah. i forgot to press the record button. sorry.
just tell me what i gotta do.
we can start with mrs. sikes. shell be happy to see us.
he was. he was, dad.
this is video log 12.
on the 25th of june, 1766, around 11 oclock at night,
i must crave your indulgence for appearing in this unseemly fashion.
jesus... can i just have a few minutes?
and all your bills are coming to me.
i got 500 on this race.
think youll ever get out of here?
yashodhara, i believe you sing and dance very well.
and if he thinks he can just come back here and start picking at it... he is sadly mistaken.
may i see him?
colonel broyles told me all about it.
can i use your bathroom?
if we catch him, i dont want anything to happen to the only physician on the island.
how do we know shes not covering?
ill tell you a story about him.
dont you leave me!  i love you.
it was his father he was to fight.
street lights, headlights...
what i say is true.
sayid... is this big enough?
itll be fun. yeah.
its okay. hes with me.
no, it wasnt time.
we dont know where he went and when hell return.
id like to talk to you about shannon.
i dont care about your legacy. im here to educate young people.
i find it interesting that a swarm of bees would attack two candidates in this election.
my shoulder, careful.
you have no idea whether they kepp him alive.
okay, maybe it is possible. pull over. i gotta check.
women dig me. get used to it.
well be concealed along this road, waiting for his caravan.
when i picture him heading south in his own car with the top down it always makes me laugh.
hitting that woman was an accident.
and my mother  well, my foster mother  she blamed herself, of course.
otherwise, marry a girl of your class.
as long as we push it, well never be free.
yeah... what was his name?
pathways, streams and rivers all change
whos that man hes talking to?
i saw you taking sashas picture.
sleep tight, charles.
what on earth is going on here? !
what if i am the last mammoth?
please go you silly woman...
its not just the party, its everything. its...
its amazing how one moment can change your life forever.
because im a cook!
trapped in a piano.
were friends, arent we walt?
jack, so this bomb is supposed to what, blow us back in time?
i came here to give you holy offerings.
ive been searching for you.
are you sure you want to do this?
what are you in for?
im going to propose to puja.
drop out now.
ill get the next group ready to go.  thank you.
i irradiated the dormant seeds with meteor fragments.
report unattended baggage
no... your real name?
go away you liar lm not taken in
except most dont have high regard for a guy who sells plastic meteor chips to tourists.
frank, you alright?
great. okay, well, ill see you later.
but love isnt like that.
now, i want you to visualize yourself when you were pregnant.
but youd say no.
my operator starts grabbing his head and freaking out.
next trip shouldnt take so long.
he tried to help me, so i thanked him by cutting him off.
how is your new girlfriend?
well, she was dying.
ill give you fibonacci
i wouldnt do that, jack.
i want you to meet theresa.
while i love my new nickname and i think its sweet...
go back, have you turned deaf too?
get you some demerol, some x...
are there any spare tyres around?
prem and problems are like twins. twins.
the fight shall be to the death.
got the blondes and the forties.
ill happy keep you happy.
i cant decide.
his name is just like his deeds.
so if you dont mind l m in hurry too, to get back to bed.
arthur told me she passed away.
i dont know what i saw.
please just cut me down.
thats okay. weve got the rest of our lives.
nothing, i never saw you coming after me.
you took my gun off me, boy?
but when it comes down to it, if he finds he doesnt have what it takes to do the job...
whats the word from the beach?
are you a princess?
you could drive slower.
hes hunting us.
did you tell nell that?
you had a compound fracture.
the pearl was to observe other stations.
even if theres a 99 probability that theyre utterly, hopelessly screwed, folks are much more inclined to hear that 1 chance that things are gonna be okay.
rip apart your garden?
did he say what it was?
he always wore his wedding ring.
he stood on the shore of uncertainty... and dove right in...
my feelings too were in vain.
why did you beat duggals son?
silly bag? that bag had my mothers locket.
you cant be the prom king.
ifif thats all right with you.
1978 grand cherokee.
i have, sir!
i came to know that i was cheating a gentleman.
we gotta break out of here before were totally boxed in.
are you sure?
whas... hey! what happened?
if i didnt agree with you, wed still be arguing about where to go next.
whyd you hire him?
what the fuck are you doing? what the fuck are you doing?
you stopped talking, you stopped going out, you stopped sleeping.
guess you know what happened, then.
this is 64. chalks on the ground, going into holding pattern.
its what gets you into heaven.
well, the centaurs will probably fight on your side.
this is about the rizvan khan case.
come on, lets go.
theyre memories that i have to change.
...and whoever it was that set me up, wants me in the ground as quickly was possible.
were hot on these guys trail, and its just a matter of time till we nail them.
i just dont know who you people think you are.
sometimes things just happen for a reason.
is something the matter?
im sorry. its morning.
somebody, help me!
he was taken off the reef...
and our happy club.
now, which one of you talked?
did he say hell start working after talking to his son?
very sad, only.
youre saying we should sacrifice more innocent american civilians?
why? to determine your relationship to the child.
generally women dont trust good men.
..that lovely ballad he sang for you..
but we werent.
but it needs the craft of a true perfumer... to detect the exact formula.
two days ago.
of course you didnt.
thats fine, but were rolling out.
i was talking to blackburn the other day...
you look like them, you talk like them and theyll start trusting us.
you mean shes on the rails?
a year later.
i can never get pardoned for the mistake i made.
so the question is, why would charles westmoreland be in arizona boosting a car ten states away from where he lived, and only ten miles away from the mexican border?
ill be worried. youll be worried. and well both be more vulnerable.
my name is rosen.
every decision that you make takes twice as long.
richard would bring me your instructions...
oh, thats funny.
who so ever you may be, thats not a problem to me.
well, there has been a fatality.
he hit me so badly.
i said, gusteau has finally found his rightful place in history
... toscarethelivingshit outofyou .
he applied it!
..who has just been discharged from the hospital will get to meet him.
yeah, like im discovering it.
did i shame myself?
are you trained to fight, sergeant?
you went in just now, how could you change so quickly?
he was small, but he did great work and became prime minister.
what did she tell you?
you keep this live.
i am unable to say anything now, mandira.
we have to come back here tomorrow again.
boone hold on. shannon im coming!
who am i ofyours?
what are they doing right now?
his names esca.
lets get started.
maricruz, its me.
i didnt just start playing.
yes, she is a good hunter.
that horrid smell from the chimneys.
were heading to the beach.
frank, hold on. no, no, no, no. frank.
no no wait
what is this?  its a compass.
were in a lot of trouble, picky picky.
woman hes 2 1 months old.
i was with you when you put nathan in the pit.
we have the same blood.
mr. lockes a warrior.
nope.theyre coming back with nothing.
anyway, well make new ones where were going. wont we?
no..ranchhodas shyamaldas chhanchad im only ranchhodas shyamaldas chhanchad..tel me?
i wish i could tell you that but prison is no fairytale world.
maria baby, ill see you later in 3d.
aarush, hes my papa.
sam keeps giving me this look, like hes waiting for me or something.
how can ben possibly know where they are when hes a prisoner?
of course, i dont wake up screaming.
we must go out quickly.
you going by the old mill road?
he wanted the number for the fbi.
whats he doing here, setting traps for us?
we... we both felt, uh that it would be deeply inappropriate if i were to be promoted to editor.
its kind of my home because nobody else is really there most of the time.
were you responsible for my parents death?
i present to you, the man, the legend.
im not allowed.
can i trust you, miles?
its the door to the hatch where you and i first met.
right, now listen carefully.
i think the metaphor broke my spleen.
but i dont mind.
its got a little zap to it, doesnt it? he just implanted a radium diode.
welcome to your new body jake.
do we even know where were going?
alright, ill bite.
oh, come on, lex, this art of war stuff is for amateurs.
theres an incredible novel in there.
he could not remember a happier day.
yes, youve to pay only 4999.
bro, whiskey on the rocks.
what are they like?
id like to talk to him myself.
how did you do that?
you gotta be kidding me.
nothing rings a bell?
do either of you know what this is?
i understand that.
we then upload the virus, set off some kind of explosion whichll disable it.
i could forgive the vagaries of grief if you actually seemed to be grieving.
well, here. hold this.
she says hey.
whats your name?
your father died in that sorrow.
he... he was rooting around in the back, and he saw it.
since then half of my team has lost their hair..
save your attitude for the enemies.
its under control, okay?
maybe you should be asking yourself why wren felt the need to
tell me the truth....you are...
ah, thats splendid.
... due monday to help me lose mine.
this is not going to be pleasant.
all right. our first customer is a man named vector.
where you been, stevie?
i lost it.
its a little bit awkward.
laughing at you, making stuff up about who you are.
only the dreamer should know the layout.
your third wish would have been complete.
yeah, sawyer said to meet at the creek, so unless he got torched by a flaming arrow, thats where he and everyone else should be.
whats going on, man?
well, the last one turned out all right.
problem is, diamond, no ones gonna believe that after i take the heroin i have in my pocket and put it in the glove box of the reasonably priced minivan you hav parked over there.
i wont cave on my opinion of kyle tippett. it put me on the outs with lana.
meteors continue to fall off the coast of california, ireland, bay of bengal....
very happy to hear your words.
what in the hell just happened?
hes a good man.
if you need anything, press the call button.
thank you sir, im very good.
no man can walk out on his own story.
you got it?
we dont get in each others way,
i left my pack in the jungle, and i was coming back...
ill thrash you, idiots!
he tortured me a lot.
were keeping our fingers crossed.
body disappears from metropolis morgue?
i checked myself in when i was 22.
its impossible to say.
when he knew narsing reads eenadu paper, though he never reads newspaper, he made it a habit to read eenadu paper.
i came as soon as i got the message.
jack, you have to rest. you cant run around.
except for the fish song.
come on! go on, bust your head!
thats what you said last time.
where you been?
why, do u have any problem?
sometimes hes totally there and you think you know everything...
i guess what im trying to say is, when you get to the end, you start to realize whats important to you, you know?
a little gift from encom.
thank you, boar expert.
today when hes getting fame, we should snatch that too.
welcome, make yourself at home.
im just not sure its such a good idea.
do youve number?
i thought you didnt hear what i was yelling about.
we want you in our club, kid.
a flesh fair outside haddonfield.
its not all of them, but its a good start.
come here, look at this.
well, youve been on this island much longer than i have, richard.
may i hold him?
and now ladies and gentleman the results are in.
oh, okay, here.  just help me get it out.
greg, i cant talk about this right now.
oh, my god, he knew.
you will get in.
what do you want, dominic?
im the luckiest man in the world.
in a foreign country, close to water.
its not easy, is it?
he tried to kill you.
she asked me to see if you were still under the protection of the cullens.
thank you for bringing my son to me.
theyre not coming back, lana. deal with it.
why cant you do it for me?
yeah, one or two.
no. but its true, dad was acting strange lately.
how did this happen?
i mean, they dont even wear shoes.
i got to fix a time for him to die.
i know i made a mistake.
so then, can i stop her from going?
a thousand years ago it was covered in ice..
jack, you told me he was a liar.
jake, hang a left.
even though the body is...
carries a sig 9.
how did you get to this island?
i have a lot of dots, but no way to connect them.
we are mated before eywa.
everything passed to me.
let go of me.
oh, my gosh! did?
he will never come back.
crazy lady, mandira was here.
..im tellin u right..
could be a hundred of them out there!
hey, go sell sleazy someplace else,
im telling you. ive marched with the eagles 23 years.
let me go, jack.
well call you back.
youre shooting at the wrong people.
hes losing blood. i really feel i should take over.
i think visiting hours are over, dude.  this isnt a visit.
howd you find me anyway?
the entire ocean lies before you..
it just doesnt seem like something the island would want.
hey, wheres the gang?
coming together at a maximum speed of... ,let us say, 10 miles per hour,
until he gets the store to drop the charges for your shopping spree, were not kicking anyone to the curb.
that french lady wrote this stuff?
catch a falling star and put it in your pocket.
and we got an axe. and a whole bunch of trees, bamboo.
why do you think we sent you for food?
i didnt know her, and it didnt... feel right.
they had him blindfolded. blindfolded.
wouldnt miss it.
for suffrage, mr gray.
hell, we got a nuclear submarine.
ive got a little homework assignment for you.
youre the one that told me to come back here and stop him!
good morning.  morning.
im afraid were going to have to insist.
yeah. my moms not feeling well.
is someone there?
im sorry, maam, but are you calling to report a crime?
one thing you learn when youre walking the steps is that you never outsource a blame that belongs in your own backyard.
glad we covered that.
similarly, your veer has fallen in love with someone.
since when do you play?
ive been going over the incident report from the night of the murder, and somebody made an anonymous phone call to the local cops claiming to see lincoln running away from the garage with bloody pants.
that cant be a polar bear.
so this lawyer fellow says to me
who is, uh, who is jillian?
or do you want him to be like caspian here?
what about the rest of the food? there is no rest of the food, dude.
he is going to die.
on behalf of the crew, thank you for choosing fresh air.
you put in the wrong cylinder.
to kill him right before her eyes.
we have arrived at the northern water tribes stronghold.
our pensions go, then our coffeepots.
so i got a sunstroke.
it has taken me many years to find this.
... hes not easy to turn around.
whats he doing, taking a shower?
we have visual.
ill stop if the marriage happens.
hes always going on about his daughter, the reporter on the torch.
i want to protect my friendship with both.
you will keep naina very happy.
its more than a title. its an opportunity.
ive always felt out of step, like literally stumbling through my life.
its about a girl who gets turned into a swan, and she needs love to break the spell.
not dreaming now, are you?
get him a cup of coffee!
and im the boss ofthis house.
anything before then is gonna be h.c.
so that son of a bitch is still alive?
yeah, i know. everythings gonna make sense, i promise.
thats a miracle, mr. locke.
you take fischer with you, all right?
lets get it started!
you came to play on my hatred of my father.
hey, no problem.
a bit dizzy, but...
sometimes i dont know how were gonna make it.
thats my dad.
you should have kicked him 5 times.
lets see how the future treats you then.
then all this disappears.
i dont care about your age or who you are.
shielded nuclear power.
for weeks we marched. no sign of them.
what are you doing here?
this court is now in recess.
you alright? im great.
look, i dont care what you bought.
whats his name again?
not just with you, but with my mom, with everybody.
youre not the one who should be apologizing.
theres no way for all of us to get down in there tonight.
and mark my words,
im trapped in a parachute in a fucking tree.
why are you thanking me?
wow, you also had your cigarette..
put down your weapon.
fashionable substitute for belief.
come on, penny. thats it. its coming.
doesnt matter now. thats it, people, were out of fuel!
i got many complaints against you.
and the meek shall inherit the earth.
so tell me, exactly what kind of trees do you cut?
yes, the amount is correct.
warden parks, were here to escort you from the premises.
aarush, do you love me?
fixed rate no bargain!
im urinating right now.
whats his story?
clotaires dream is to be a champion cyclist.
howd we miss this, guys?
theres still a round in the chamber.
im a little stiff, a little sore, but the doc says im mobile.
now, this is what happens when a rat gets a little too comfortable around humans.
come on, marine.
then let there be light.
theres going to be a big party.
are you serious?
it says they are in the north end of the river.
im sure chloes going to call and youll realize youve been worried about nothing.
today on 23rd mr. ravi vardha and her sister got murdered.
she cut me up without any injury,
i dont understand why you cant show someone else how to plant the virus.
whats happened to me?
i have to go out and your mom hasnt come yet...
people who gave him shit.
wont you get your tika done?
your friends were monks?
and when im all done, i wanna retire to, like, miami.
you scared the hell out of me.
nah, dude, i just signed it out.
thats pork loin.
yeah, that was an easy piece of time, let me tell you.
the answer to all your problems.
cant talk your way out of this one, lex.
its not the pot. lts you!
give or take a few seconds.
a grownup version.
because youre going to tell me.
the only way youre getting that insulin is if im administering it.
whatll we say? we found him in a field?
yeah. and i appreciate beauty.
just a little anxious to whup ets ass, thats all.
they did it by restoring the great buildings that were already there turning them into cafes, bookstores, restaurants.
the jazeem woman has given us nothing.
how about whats black, white and red all over?
at this point, all i care about is satisfying my own curiosity.
i cant stop myself from appreciating beauty.
i want to see you in my office!
you had me brought in here?
ill wait until after graduation to make it easier on charlie.
and very few have it in them.
you and i have an errand to run, and we dont have a lot of time.
merry christmas and happy new year!
dad, youre not going to freak out... like you did at the petting zoo, are you?
i just hope you figure out something better before we get there.
because of your surname!
these people are no longer interested in your boss.
sid! what are you doing?
he wanted to know a lot about us.
nice job, ladies!
i spent two summers crewing jlboats.
my mom and dad are getting a divorce.
and all of you can come with us to a safe house and not be on the run.
our chief guest for the evening has arrived.
i need to speak to you for a minute, okay?
oui. thank you, by the way, for all the advice about cooking.
can i talk to you?
dont you think we need to be smart right now?
so, all i need is money from the bank to build a rocket.
kalpana was killed who is ghajini?
ive got a hookup with one of my boys in the kitchen.
yes, its a lie that youre a jinxed
i pictured her while buying it not knowing it would...
will you get some air?
i cant, can i?
i cant imagine what they think of me, having listened to benjamins lies.
for the first time, i got a letter on my name.. i found a train ticket from tat it was written inside that if you wanna study then board the train!
youll come sooner, if you can...?
and who would do that, mr. rango?
the leaders the oldest!
he had no right to do that to you.
im getting good smell of chicken very near.
the ones that came into the camp last night were piglets.
are you threatening me?
id like to believe that.
you put me up to this to get into a safe deposit box?
but now nikki is fine! perfectly alright!
is the reason youre so upset because he said he recognised you?
im acomin im acomin
i dont thats why i asked.
when i come back this is all gone, all right?
he wants to make u his assistant!
hector! no,no! you cant peepee there!
theyve sabotaged our trucks
i must be gone and live, or stay and die...
did you not hear me? i crashed your plane.
we have some visitors.
of course he was.
yeah, pretty much.
now, listen, paul i can call you paul, cant i?
im surprised with my dad.
oh my god!
so we go now. go home.
didnt get you?
get out of the way!
in fact, it got so busy at tax time, he was allowed a staff.
ooh home. fine, lets go inside.
i love everything about your plan, except for one thing.
nobody knows his whereabouts.
i was outside for two hours.
and when i beat the drum..
cant we just keep things the way they are...?
yue, what are you doing?
dolce gabbana and a vocabulary?
i can understand that.
and then theres another hearing after that, i guess.
sid, you were dreaming!
i dont feel sorry for you. i pity you.
exactly like you.
wait here. we lost his trail.
where are you going?
until i dont get rid of that curse and regain my power i cant get out of this room.
elders told me stand on my own legs.
oh! the thing you said about being promoted?
but we cant detect any known antigens.
this little polka you and i have been doing for a while as of this moment its over.
dramatic music playing
i needed a change of scenery.
if shes on cover page, theyve to shut down the magazine.
look, i dont care about the money!
the virture of humility.
maybe they make a big drug buy, flip it across town.
your memorys a little foggy here.
there are a dozen ladies in our class, each worthy of lengthy interrogation.
tens and 20s only.
we have a complicated relationship, clark.
all right, ill get him.
you forgot one, clark.
i have not been able to stop thinking about you.
theyre right, clark. you did your best.
hes infected, isnt he?
rock on! 150! 150!
two disgusting habits.
maddox, look at these jerks! these idiots!
oh, you know, when i was 12, i appreciated the surrogatefather thing.
i too feel like saying i love you.
and here i thought we were here to protect society and punish criminals.
do you trust me?
it is how you respond to them thats going to determine your character from the day youre born till the day you die.
how can i leave you in problem?
let maya handle the kids...
its named after dr. hans asperger.
i suppose you stashed my spaceship in the attic.
you played a charade of love after reading my diary.
wet tshirt, wet tshirt.
so get on with it.
i knew he served in vietnam, but he never talked about it.
how he did it, i still have no idea.
look, she can keep a secret.
your timing was impeccable, john.
talking to the school newspaper, trevor?
climb up my arm!
because your rumors are true.
but only one blood.
united states special forces.
and someone left this.
i made a swing, but i fell off it and cut my knee.
and present her with a small token of my affection.
i cant hit anything?
thats what im saying to him.
you just killed everybody on the boat.  so?
well, dont you think that women should be given the vote?
theyre tossing cells!
who was he then?
this problem is not work related.
is your home here only? i thought we may have to go around, but he has brought us to home only. hes always playful from childhood.
are we good, brother?
pilot, identify yourself.
im disappointed in you.
well, thats splendid!
no, but itll slow him down
thats all we are saying.
i could run this island too.
what changed him?
in 16 hours i need to land at lax.
he was running around in the jungle, got caught by my people.
sir, pizza, flatbread, burger, he ate everything, sir.
dont spoil the fun.
lm going to wipe the floor with you.
this haunting footage comes to us from the christiane i, a salvage vehicle in the indian ocean.
we must launch.
shannon, your father and i had a living trust.
why are you sending me to the boarding school?
and i put your ladys number in, too.
black chick in her fifties?
but what was the need for her to go into the school?
its a miracle! hes been caught!
she took him, though.
come on, man, lets get out of here.
we are going to steal...
according to the doorman, kasich never made it to the apartment in metropolis.
im rolling it up.
plants rustling  hanna whose idea was this, again?
careful, hot plate.
why would lucian want to protect you?
bella, why dont you go and enjoy the rest of the festival?
is jack back yet?
papa, zulekha is leaving.
all right, lets start simple.
i have a hike to lead.
..of my star dealer, babu rao to hetal.
our women always deliver on the mainland.
how much longer are they gonna keep her there?
i said call them back!
but i dont know any chants.
come on, clark, how can you be so blase about this?
i might need some guidance, you know from someone with a little more experience.
it only hurts for a second
little bit or a handful?
god, its good to see you!
i cant control myself!
dont leave me, please.
this way, please. stay together.
course not. you have the power to kill, but not negotiate.
im not anjali...
i could order these rocks online and have them delivered to my house, vacuumsealed.
eliminate the spirits, take the city and we will have thwarted the avatar in the process.
i am falling...
a piece of the lamp broke and fell off.
not if you designed the place it isnt.
..a little bit crazy.
dont know how long will i be with her?
its an island, john. no one needs to protect it.
where did she go?
no, no, no...
radzinksys taking care of him now.
thank you for keeping bella alive when i didnt.
were 20 percent below projections.
at that time if virus would have told that his grandson would have been an engineer... i would have raped that idiot!
you said going in my car will not work out as sentiment and went by bus.
i stood up to them.
they may come back.
... alltheydidwas put nick on a plane to seattle.
the dna matches, the timing works, everything checks out.
thats not a war, mr. atto.
i nearly got killed.
it was lodged in the canopy.
gave me a bit of a fight, but he listens in the end...
youre trying to get me to run away and get cheeseburgers because...
you think youre in love, but youre not.
jump some more
just like us...
youre messing with my zen thing, man.
what did he tell you?
try and stop us if you can.
i met with the administrator, you know, to tell them what i knew about harry.
come down. or ill drag you down
how can i marry a boy with a broken hand?
your drugs are of no value here, so you must get them out.
look, sir. look.
hey, quit giving us the steal signal.
what kind of sign will the island send us?
i got to go. will!
youre looking for scofield?
why would he...?
there is no kevin peterson.
you wont get it...
bryan get off of him!
it is possible something traumatic happened and you are repressing your memories,
i slept off on the recurring dream of the life, i yearned to catch the moon vanishing at dawn,
you might learn some manners from this boy.
watch where youre going!
well, fix it godamit
no, no. his wife left him forever.
that peanut butter?
i have her in the hallway.
uh, i was just looking for some gauze. i  i didnt know anyone was here.
they just sit there... watching us!
im taking care of it.
saving the world?
what are you doing here?
some aladins cousin.
i almost didnt recognize you.
your guilt defines her.
all your friends who left the island?
then i guess its back to you, corrections officer wilson.
they were the last station to check in.
do you see anything?
did u forget? ..
bella? bella, can you hear me?
l want you to look at something.
well, i got a call.
theres a line, son.
i need for you to send the boxes in my office to to this address, please.
it means blank check.
youve been a functioning bulimic since junior high.
..and you arent able to change your schedule?
nobody is amused this time, henry.
i dont want her in the field anymore.
all calls to uk will be routed through us.
i dont think so.
hey, instead of running around, how about we just go to the control room and barricade ourselves in?
trust me, bob, youre not that charming.
well done, sir.
yeah, why not? im in the process of reevaluating my life too.
not to worry, sir, shes fine.
im sorry if i surprised you, but theres really nowhere to knock.
im sorry if i ruined your meeting.
go about your business now. lets go.
hey, clark, whats the holdup, son?
its so tacky!
joy.... ... give me some sunshine.. give me some rain...
you said she had long blonde hair was around twelve years old, and wasnt wearing shoes...
this is marshal davis.
but his majestys doing extremely well... for his age.
magna cum laude, in fact.
i thought i lost you forever.
its a busy time for me, naomi.
im not done shaking this cell down yet.
wait, why are you taking seans car?
easy easy.... youre drunk?
i dont know, its kinda like four seasons.
what the hells gotten into you, hugo?
is there any sign of the patrol?
but i never did anything to hurt any of you.
probably... watching tv.
he probably called them himself. theyre in a bowling league together.
the man who kidnapped is different from the man who is here.
im sure you know this, but average glucose for the nondiabetic is about 100 milligrams per deciliter, so we see a number like that here, and we know youve been misdiagnosed.
jeff, you know your sisters writing psycho love letters to lex luthor?
eat some now, save some for later... rev.decenio
theres something there, lex.
life is a moment.
but were still awaiting word on that.
the bank would have given you a heck of a toaster if youd kept that in a savings account.
which my father bought.
go.  how did you escape?
alicia softly i hope its okay.
look what you made me do.
im not going anywhere until you tell me what just happened.
now, go help this boy.
watch and learn.
i mean, they worked it out eventually, but at what cost?
and i would never...
they manifested, like a flame.
whoever survives will do his duty.
michael knight in the black transam...
his herd needs him!
you signed the waiver!
i wont give you any land.
so, technically, we are cousins.
you know, it doesnt matter why.
michael and jin are on the same diet.
so, would you like to go for dinner tonight?
you still gonna let him race?
has there been a burglary?  no, no, no, i just wondered if...
daijaan please explain to her...
for my people.
these belonged to your brother.
its not working!
any of you ever hear about the guy who invented nitroglycerin?
no rhyme, no reason.
will u break his teeth or ill only do it.....
the only reason youre living on it is because we let you live on it.
just get the hell out of here!
and he must have forgotten you until now.
thats why were trying out.
rickman industries has always had a very good relationship with the cep, paul.
how am i ever gonna get her to kiss me before sunrise?
some day you have to get married my child.
this your first command, sir?
come on, pete. clark will catch up with us later.
thats a great exhibit. caught it in st. petersburg.
i was so angry that i wanted to tear them like lord narasimha...
..and now you have changed the residential number too.
that article of yours in economic times.
this prisoner was out of his cell.
i did stop you.
i mean if you let this chance go..
um, im  ill be right back. gotta go.
from what ive tasted of desire i hold with those who favor fire
a demons photo in a kings tent
relax. youll warm up soon.
the campus is giving me an accomodation after a week.
you need to help john.
and well surround rahul slowly and slowly.
im in traffic, will call you later.
translate for me.  no.
juliet, i dont know what these look like. i can help you.
you could at least say that like you mean it.
immy, priya wants to see you.
no, im not.
im coming to london.. to stay with you in your house..
and then last night, your husband was there... and he looks at my hand and he takes my hand and looks at my wedding ring and he just smiles at me.
it seems that the united states government doesnt care much who publishes don delillo.
krishna is pujas brother.
could you please give me her room number?
hey you took all these photos farhan?
hes gaining on us!
youre gonna have to fill out a report to the police!
wwhy are you doing all this for me?
you got it all wrong, were just friends. then he stops once he sees... the gun i got sitting on the dash.
im coming to london to see you.
who is he?
all in exchange for our independence.
what, the guy who ratted you out?
get to your wife and get her home.
hes the deviifor some
is this about your census?
and this week, we have a new weapon that will blow your mind.
listen to me. listen to me.
get in the freezer.
i was talking about marriage with priya...
the island wanted me to get sick, and it wanted you to get well.
dont know what youre talking about.
i called her cousin, but i get the machine.
lfthose two can become friends why cant we?
just leave the drugs and come back with me.
what else did you lie to me about?
we had an incident in the valley last night.
ill catch you!
let me see, let me see.
we need your help.
theres a big hayfield up near buxton.
who do you think?
and my people need some kind of justice.
can you pack this?
three of the people who left that stadium before that accident theyre now dead.
its very stressful being an other, jack.
after searching a lot, ive only found out that spirit was born from black magic of that black book.
but you can have an army.
i do this for all the girls i meet on deserted islands.
this is ur last act my friends!
instead, bring him on the right track.
why is he yelling at her, dude?
thanks, honey. youre a doll.
look, i get it.
she was, a long time ago.
heres what we do.
then captured william and locked him away
which ever door you may knock, ill only open it.
i like the sound of that.
nothing to worry about.
wow. i have never seen that before.
my dear principal, we entice these barbaric fools here..
city of metropolis giving you the recycling contract?
all right, come on, now.
thermal imaging from the hubble shows us that within each cluster is a central object much larger than the others.
its a dead end. youre not getting in.
its tough seeing yourself the way others see you, isnt it, kent?
can we go to macaroni joes?
but to save my sister, who is declared mad i dont need to walk the path with a bigger mad man.
jump, fifi, jump!
bury it, and everything will be fine. remember,  your superior ordered me to take care of this.
!  you crossed the line.
okay, baba is receiving cash in an hour, hell open the laptop then.
come back to me.
call me later.
i wish you hadnt gotten in his way.
theyre here at this hospital?
they trust pithre like men only.
...see that noble and most sovereign reason like sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh.
dont drop that!
hey, hey, hey, hey.
i think not.
but ramu taught me to ride cycle, not my dad.
if were gonna do something crazy, were gonna do it with style.
i dont want to see them on you again.
maybe i should call bella.  maybe i should call bella and hang up.
because you belong with me.
but life goes on.
he also knows it!
i never saw myself out here.
but listen, eddie...
i agree they are elders... but even they dont have the right to break a heart.
it becomes you well, small one.
you wanna tell me why you took off this time, ray?
hey, man, its not the queen mary.
whats next, cop eating a donut?
licketysplit. want to get home.
i cant raise this child by myself.
well if im like a child, then ..
i was looking at the, um, morgue photos from that boy back in toledo, will clayton.
yeah, its activating my piles.
i feel giddy when its fast.
we miss you so much.
about wishing id met you first.
did he raise a hand on you?
hey, sweetheart, in the corner.
you see, i....
im here, mr. reyes, because weve heard about your recent...
im not worried at all.
dont do anything unusually stupid.
i never entered the numbers.
you got a problem with progress?
its only when the chemicals are combined that they become a corrosive.
im sure they just feel bad and wanna help.
no smiles here, pick up the phone man.
cause those tv kids make millions.
after i kill you,
now, honey, you come back with all your digits.
youll be fine if you bite down on the trigger.
as president of this company, youre an irreplaceable asset, and i dont want anything to happen to you tomorrow.
then you should follow me.
hey, you want a hand with the baby?
and i have to let you go.
greatness is a rarefied air one has to be taught to breathe.
theyre trained to use deadly force.
hes in charge of the food.
why do you wanna see burrows so bad anyhow?
it sucks, dont it?
ow!  keep the pressure on, like this!
six hours. everyones on the roster.
now its time for you to tell me a story.
so... where did you leave her last? the last time i saw her, i told her i wished id never rescued her.
i thought you got kicked out of metropolis university for your meteor theories.
so ive been patient.
previously on lost... this is your daughter.
oh, dont be. she believed in heaven, so shes covered.
yes, you can.
it was more you know, like me being gorged.
rs. 5000 for this book?
shes bringing someone in.
all is lost.
where did i go wrong?
can we talk to them?
how are we doing?
..for making sales of rs.50000 everyday.
whats your name?
lakhan, where is prem?
breathe, lenihan. breathe.
indeed i did.
but yes, i  i am one of them.
what secrets does he unlock?
we got a problem
start swinging the light!
rescue aint coming.
this much i knew
she killed them.
what were you expecting to smell?
ill tell you what were doing here if you give me the phone.
is the medical examiner a suspect?
deputy, i have a court order for mr. knights release.
i dont want your help, clark.
you did the best you could.
well, sailor, yes.
let me get my head on straight, ok?
leave us alone now.
if i see peter, i tell him you were looking for him.
and, clark, im getting pretty bored with this.
but i tell you these walls are funny.
she just dropped.
he got your page.
well, maybe i was wrong.
its in case his head gets blown off, so they can identify his body.
hes talking philosophy citing ice and fire.
i cant do this, ma.
i did nothing to prevent it,
im a he. i could get my face shot off, not it.
every two minutes.
any vacant floors?
i saw your mug shot, kate.
mommy? charlie, go inside!
things have changed.
i found a weird green rose on the grounds, and i studied it.
i cant let peter die again.
now where is he? james, listen to me.
what is this that makes me sing, i want to know.
you are right!
looks like his chute didnt open.
if youve doubt, have it inquired.
youre john nash, right?
i know it is because when i look at you...
possibly since graduate school.
you know where it is, dont you?
from where they are, they can see things clearer than any of us.
thats why they put the l in fbi.
i could have told you that, looking at his bill.
got kwans police report. his car was still on, it must have slipped into gear.
for someone who wants his son back so badly, you dont seem to know much about him, michael.
thats for my brother, you ugly son of a bitch.
major, i havent done any hanky or panky..
still hasnt changed a bit. he has become crazier.
and have you ever contracted a sexually transmitted disease?
it might be a good idea to bring some guns.
kids dont just fall out of the sky, martha.
pretty good english, jin.  thank you.
sweet, crisp, slight tang on the finish.
i wouldnt waste your time.
you recognize it, dont you?
no. no, it wont.
youre gonna help us get food and water.
ill get closer to duggal by killing you.
at 1930 hours, they will pound the entire area from lincoln to the ocean.
howd you know where i was?
you made it.
lets give this another go, shall we?
so no pretend tears. understand?
i couldnt help but notice you noticing me noticing you.
... maybei dbetterbe going.
daniel faraday, miles straume, frank lapidus.
it was her idea.
no, i try to increase the demand of less demandable products.
yeah, so is my grandmother.
im not crying
you asked if you could do anything for me.
this is it.
the timer went all the way down to zero.
good, good can i have your number please?
burrows and scofield.
dont fuck with me again.
after we pumped and dumped the stock, the companys worthless.
can i have a carrot?
ned. where are you?
hes sick and he needs help!
location, 529 main street, charlestown.
lanas gonna be okay.
well im on my way then.
i dream that ill find my father alive up here.
theyre my friends.
listen, it takes years of practice.
you should go. charlie can you just stay in the house?
zulekha maam has a soft corner for old millionaires.
you fucking whore!
thats what he thought.
that is so darn sad.
now, dont be a hero, and well be cool.
i brought you here.
all right, were in an emergency procedure.
aare, he had come from housekeeping..he took away the sherwani!
you need to go there. michaelis he dead?
did i do something wrong?
your brother and sister have learned what they can from this world.
and just once.
you absolutely right.
im gonna blow so many holes in you, your gutsll be leaking lead!
i need to talk to him.
vishal, why do you bring office tension at home?
youre here forjust 10 minutes only, you want position.
why manage instead of refusing?
dont get cute.
something about a hatch. lockes hiding something.
copy, 4000 at 30.
your god is watching.
where do you suppose we are?
im down with that. lets go. right?
the street blew up! were in trouble.
i know how justin caused those accidents.
what do you care how im related to him.
what do you want sir?  i need a man as punch bag.
i need you to order the evacuation of every man,woman and child on this island.
i got somebody in your fathers office right now ready to tap in the combination.
and its not your problem.
so when boy catches bugs and bugs bite boy, you end up with bugboy.
the name is frankenstein.
i think im gonna have another scotch.
i cant stand feeling like this.
you can pick it up at the back counter.
an absurd set of circumstances.
why dont you want to marry tony?
narsings sister is studying in germany, shes his life, he loves his sister more than his life, now you must love her, and make her go crazy on you, and narsing must go mad over this.
in it, he postulates that meteor rocks can be used to irradiate dormant plant cells.
maybe we could bring you on, fordman.
this is not the right place or time for it.
but we love each other, so prem got us married.
didnt see that one coming.
lori, you in here?
yeah, i see you.
youve been with us just over two years.
somethings not right.
is this possible?
is this when you say i told you so?
if we made it, we deserved it.
mm!  trigeminal headache?
we need a nose.
wouldnt think of it, nemo.
he needs company.
oh, i do.
michael,the shortest route takes us directly onto
wow! she sounds lovely!
tie it around the rudder and well pull you in!
how dare you compare me to a circus magician?
youre here to help?
colette knows how to cook, too, you know.
i crossed into another universe and took a son that wasnt mine.
or where were going, for that matter.
empires are not brought down by outside forces.
the evidence says you did.
..you seem to be totally out of form.
because we both know youre not like other people.
i wanted a bicycle, not a brother.
i wanted to give this back to you.
i can ambush chavez when were up there.
she will be giving her farewell performance as melpomene, the role she originated in my first ballet.
hi! my car has broke down.
if everything youve done has been in the best interests of the island...
paint fumes in p.i. must be getting to you.
i dont want you in there. move back.
what you just did...
piece of the steering column.
clark, whats wrong?
disgusting, filthy ogre!
im a reporter. i came for a scoop.
cut off their escape!
we didnt get dumped.
i dont think hes a dentist.
hey, whats going on?
it gotta be exactly 305.
this is so cool!
hey, you dont wanna do that.
did he get left behind?
im not makin this up, leese.
i know it is not.
now that just dont make no sense. now, listen.
so it will be the last thing i ever read before i die.
where is this room?
you should be proud of that.
trumpkin knew what he was doing.
i have a son that age.
pull yourself together, son.
hes gonna screw everything up!
..that my sam was not the terrorist son of a terrorist father.
can i ask you something about the farm?
bring him through. i got him.
this stuff is nasty.
ok? no hair. no dignity
not like this.
its really coming together, isnt it?
never cared about you.
did she say anything?
jacks on his way over to open your little gun closet and take whatever he needs.
then whose call is it?
you see with eyes and ill see with heart.
do you even know where were going?
in a ive been terrorized by the others for 40 days kind of way.
they are asking for food from linguini?
there are side effects to what im giving you.
everywhere i go i hear peoples thoughts.
leave him to his isolation.
oceanic 815s black box.
and in the same order.
he has come till my home.
tell him i said i was sorry.
yeah, theres one on 18th.
especially that big, white, mushy butt of yours.
its amazing his bodys been able to survive the seizures this long.
i guess so
would you like to know the strangest thing about all this, mr shephard?
he hasnt been able to open it.
right now wed be out there defending another crashed chopper.
i think he saw julian as his second chance.
maybe you should just do it.
my bad time!
this would supersede the other if you want it to.
do you know how boring it is to live alone?
fischers had an extractor teach his subconscious to defend itself, so his subconscious is militarized.
then he meets somebody...
sachin, im a bit busy. if something comes up, ill call.
just for an assumption.
and then i felt the water.
you really think you can walk away?
gosh, its so pretty here.
then, lets kill him and gift his body to him.
i didnt mean...
twenty kilometres to beacon.
its getting dark.
you dont have a family.
we go together.
guess he wanted you all to himself.
just look at my journal,please. look at these equations.
what kind of man do you think i am anyway?
and because your plane crashed,a freighter will be sent to this island a freighter i was on and charlotte was on and so forth.
and you know why?
about the button we have to push every 108 minutes or the island explodes?
i damaged it.
crab simmons was on my ass for the 90 grand i owed him.
and i asked to borrow his notes.
i dont know if he suspects anything, but who knows what hell do?
i can carry all the sticks in my pack.
id like to start now.
didnt you have to go somewhere?
beera brother, talk. its working
thinking when you should be acting will only make your head hurt.
it feels like baby skin.
call me...call me...
i have bad dreams like im falling.
just come and meet him once, please
its 425. and, yes, im taking a break.
i mean, ive always dreamed of attending there. if id lived in a different time.
i removed it from the exhumed body.
listen, david, ive been meaning to talk with you.
youre feeling more than necessary.
thats a knife, leese.
home in an hour. okay?
seeing how destructive eric got...
you know bholenath.
i think they might find a way to make it work in your case.
anybody from your past you want me to look up for you?
over here, ramone!
i dint do it..
so you knew this would happen to locke if we brought him back here?
that is not true!
im gonna be next!
but i can make it all go away.
you too join them.
what stuff are you seeing?
you want me to whisk in your face too?
may i come in, sir?
i dont even think my son is alive.
i know how to get here.
or do you think hes as lost as i was?
she decided she needed stability.
nobody will come now, dont get scared.
much as wed love to see your face on a cereal box wed settle for you getting to school on time.
she is trying to buy this election like one of her prada bags!
you know what?
do you still think its a great sale day? eighteen coconutties. i think we can do a little better than that, dont you?
hey, jem, what happened with the assistant manager?
i reached palasa running away from home,
the man youre asking about, jack, is charles widmore.
im not gonna be so easy to put down, joe.
a local cropduster was arrested as he dropped leaflets from the air.
you shut up.
theyve watched over us since the beginning.
i came to get a battery.
you wont leave me any choice.
hey... take off that coat.
when my mom finds out that this whole thing is a sham shes gonna... shes gonna be crushed, and my grandmothers gonna die.
if you havent noticed, this stuff is dangerous.
im all right, charlie.
who wouldve thunk?
it shoots microwaves.
people treat you differently.
make him see sense
according to your friend?  yes.
nasa wants to know our position.
and you are now the majority shareholder for a box company in tustin.
where are they?
please, file a report.
you said we were going after bad guys.
well, youve definitely risen to the challenge.
yes, we have a 7yearold daughter.
the last time i saw your father, he was surrounded by the warriors of the seal people.
dontdont any of you move a freakin muscle.
this case wouldve made my career!
yeah, the part he wanted me for.
go get that diagram rancho, see if the head is coming out
i guess its a good thing im not one of them, huh?
well, you put all that shit in his head.
! unless, you can make it to the end of the valley..
yeah, right. quils actually taking his cousin to prom.
please, bella, just stay here.
and id answer, because he ignores me.
your father appreciates candour?
my work and my nature is such that..
anybody could be here.
to turn it off.
just give me a second.
i give you dispatcher, and you do job with somebody else!
you can stay in my room.
i hope not, you are my best client.
shall i inquire them?
soul will not rest if you throw body in sea without conducting rituals.
my name is bruce. both hello, bruce.
said hed go bald if we returned alive from the camp.
youll go to see the city, your brother has gone to see island.
is that what it made you see?
hell be fine.
baby, i am tied to a tree in a jungle of mystery, and i just got tortured by a damn spinal surgeon and a genuine iraqi.
im sure that he was.
she only has her guilt and a gun.
hey hey champ rancho rub its back
were just having some trouble getting ahold of their boat.
have you ever met a shark?
well, you know me.
duty roster and the keys to the pay chest.
we need to be ready to go as soon as they get back.
and if i had to guess, hes the reason youre not in that coffin anymore.
something like that, yes.
actually, i was wondering if you knew about the talon.
yes, how did you guess it?
trevor, i can help.
now, calm down, everybody.
she bailed out just before we went down.
you must be lana.
whatd you say?
bye sweetie, we will play tomorrow okay.
why were you at her school?
but why are you hellbent on getting them killed?
i dont blame him.
perhaps he was ill.
this is going to be good.
i dont remember what i wrote, but whatever it was, he wouldve hated it.
its a simple question.
no, seriously, i gotta tell you, this motherfuckers never carried a gun in 20 years working for my uncle.
what the hells going on?
lori, come on, lets go!
they are for anjali...
im just trying to figure out how much change i have inside.
im afraid not. where is jack and locke?
not all this nonsense, but about the love matter there.
ill send him right back here.
im going out.
i wanted you under my own roof.
hes a deserter.
we were happy in dharmaville till yall showed up.
why are you shaking head differently?
im justjust new, you know?
dont forget, your nasal spray is in your saddlebag...
angela, what a brave girl!
we bounce at 0900.
i want you to send out a patrol to investigate.
because youll be together!
whats this nuisance?  nuisance?
another death star was destroyed, boba fett got eaten by the sarlacc, and we got the ewoks.
its a magical contract.
you all are girls, isnt it sin to have drinks in day time?
morning, you little prick.
you could talk to him about boone if you want.
hold... hold the door!
come on, sawyer. i need your help.
i dont remember anything.
what are you doing?
and i knew that hed been itching to ask me to marry him.
they always got along pretty well.
but i cant believe that you dont realise what a gold mine youre sitting on.
jack, bro, you okay?
i heard flights are delayed.
..im the one who is crying now..
this facilitys buried deep within a mountain.
it is some meteor that the sun exhales,
get out from here fast, if they see you, youre finished.
if it falls into the wrong hands, every file we have will be compromised, including the list of our undercover operatives.
were being called in to help with an evacuation?
but you are an ogre... arent you?
i dont want to sell you on anything, but this is your legacy, this book.
i know its a long long time coming.
well, we have a very nice foie gras.
well, sayid said the engine was down.
okay, i wont count it.
you just saved our ass, buddy.
work it. yeah. stick and move.
its not fair.
clark. your secrets safe with me.
prem, stop or ill kill her.
i see you have nothing intelligent to say.
well, i used to work there. whos your friend?
we presented ourselves to the royal court.
two are missing, without a trace.
whats your take on this, specs?
nothing. just leave me alone, please.
im supposed to give you this.
i always knew, you made a big mistake by coming here.
she found us.
to quote the godfather, its time to go to the mattresses.
youve got 24 hours to get creative. start thinking.
in here, hes an important man an educated man.
high king of narnia, lord of cair paravel and emperor of the lone islands, in order to prevent the abominable effusion of blood, do hereby challenge the usurper miraz to single combat upon the field of battle.
where are you going?
whys he doing that?
anas right, maybe we should just push on.
alicia, ive been thinking about it and i do realize that my behavior and my inability to discuss the situation with you must have appeared insane.
just stepped on something.
im a fish with a nose like a sword.
it is confirmed. the unexplained phenomenon is headed for moscow.
him or me.
where did you get that?
pressures getting to us, thats all.
good morning, monsignor.
i do nothing.  nothing?
thats not it.  that doesnt look pretty.
you have no brains.
when the opportunities avail themselves, they pick away at us cutting back our numbers so they can maintain numerical superiority.
why does it have to be susans mom?
he keeps staring at me.
mrs. v is coming tomorrow and her hair colouring takes time. okay. bye.
you and kent versus me and brent, what do you say?
you aint the newest con in the tank no...
seems unfair, isnt it?
now i wonder what else ive been blind to.
youre gonna kill his family too?
over time, our enemies have disappeared.
theres no point in massacring a few british.
nobody handles any of the gear in this station except me.
and once ive done that, were gonna need to deal with the rest of the passengers from the ajira flight that brought me here.
whyd you burn my raft?
i asked nicely.
so if any of you had beans for lunch, im gonna have to ask you to leave.
thats why they are created.
fuck. wheres he going?
i left that part out!
dont worry, jenny.
well, hows that beautiful aunt beatrice of yours doing?
gonna just keep on living one day at a time.
and this really big guy with curly hair was gone, man.
well, i sort of had a vision.
a plane ticket from los angeles to sydney, tonight. return trip first thing in the morning.
youre not taking over anything. you hear me?
his world was destroyed before he was settled
of course, a good gambler understands that there are limits.
he has put dots perfectly on foreheads.
i didnt come into the o.r. until well into the procedure.
whats he like?
i dont believe that he is my son.
walter over here is the secretary of defense.
put it down.
we were talking for, like, at least an hour.
yeah, ryans been doing chores with me all day, so i figured he deserved a break.
im 29 years old, michael.
wheres he going?
why do i get the feeling this isnt gonna be the last time im gonna run into trouble in this town?
only for you!
why wouldnt he stop?
he fell into a coma an hour ago.
what are you, a boy scout?
thanks, baby. i was so nervous.
look, you are not gonna catch up to them unless i go with you.
eat, drink have a ball, go shopping..
ok, thats about 20 minutes out
do you know what is good about london?
lets sit down, talk
this is what you needed protection for?
wedding will be very simple, jenny.
she kept having these nightmares that id come back and shoot her.
you. how old would you say that thing is?
no, i got it, i got it.
i mean, we can get access on hope street, but i say we hold them up at olive and fourth.
im really sorry.
not just a lot of numbers in a bank account.
i checked with every nurses station.
i want to be here. for when we get rescued.
to all of us.
perhaps there was a clerical error.
what else did you say?
take it easy on uncle jack, all right?
you didnt see nothing.
the town treats him like a god.
i know mum. dont worry, you know how crazy this week is for you.
why are you calling her informally? wont her family feel for it?
whether we go on the sub or we head back into the jungle... we dont belong here.
gordon says you find anything marked, burn it.
why do we even bother?
he was a great help when we had that trouble...
to the sweat drip down my
they are always getting into trouble..
do whatever you want to do with him.
when should i come back, mandira?
its okay, baby!
you will bring ghosts with you.
youre being paranoid.
what will you wish for first?
were running out of time, dan.
whats this youve put into my ears like hearing impaired?
that songs good.
you got to be kidding me.
when the heart will be lost.. so, let the heart lose itself..
... who ruled the world before they were 30.
no, there was a huge electrical storm.
i admire your courage...
mom, be quick.
we have courses in nigeria, imlay.
yeah, im sure. if you need anything, please call first.
is it for 107? ..
get em out!
thats all weve got right now.
im gonna be straight with you. im afraid were going to have to turn down your loan.
now scram. i dont want you around here.
so sit back, relax, and enjoy your lowcalorie popcorn and assorted confections while we tell you the strange and bewildering tale of a hero who has yet to enter his own story.
not that, dearest.
go to sleep!
no. but ill shoot your damn computer.
lm still here.
hes got scams you havent even dreamed of.
sir what was your per plate cost sir, well pay sir in terms of installment sir
but they werent the kind of people youd fool around with...
yeah, im fine.
funny. now we know daddys got to be around here.
well, let me break it down for ya, mikey.
i wanted to look in the back garden, but mum wouldnt let me.
look, just be there in five.
one year, two year, however long it takes.
his wife is dead.
im gonna stalk her like a fucking a car, well find out.
there were five of you from the tail section?
promise me youll work harder to be a part of this family.
i did my homework.
you cant hold on to relationships too tight...
i have one condition if you want me to do it myself.
listen, learn, dont get involved.
well bring them into the tunnel.
its better. bit of a headache,
looks like a black mark on your companys environmental record.
all this resting is driving me insane.
when you were inside the tub the phone was outside.
wherefore art thou, bella?
we are now!
how does it feel to know youll get that money back?
did you tell him the right platform?
we too got affected as you for his deeds.
the tracks aligned for d16.
or maybe its harry.
we have footage of miss walsh in the trauma recovery room.
didnt realize you had a dark side, clark.
your father insisted that we drive down here and keep it.
i cant believe this is happening.
youre the one who was getting fancy with the spices!
whens your birthday?
take a look at this.
you! check the jonquil blossoms.
hes always getting punished or deprived of something.
then thats our way out of here.
a police officer is here. he wont harm you. you dont harm him
of course he does.
and dont you want a glimpse of what it is youll make?
if you dont like him, just say it. dont pretend to be his friend.
you dont have the stomach for what happens next.
emergency at the morgue.
for no reason at all?
ill be there in a minute. distant hooting what is that?
at least, such was the superstition.
winnings great, but if ive done my best,
he sells beauty products for a living.
weve been on an island for a month, man.
he didnt talk.
you rushed away to go find clothes for us.
how are you speaking like a pathan now?
and ive got two weapons briefs under security review by the dod.
we are being tested.
my name is john locke. sync , edited by rogard lost season 05 episode 07 the life and death of jeremy bentham morning.
some kid with an anonymous tip.
dont do anything foolish, henry.
yeah, she said the grapenuts kept her arteries clean and duke helped with the rest.
i was waiting to tell you and go.
it seems soul is speaking to me.
looks like youre the one who needs checking up on.
lj and his dad you never said how it went this morning.
you know, i always thought that i rescued you from the dragons keep.
just do it!
have you seen my boy?
you werent on that plane, were ya?
its not gonna be the same, but were gonna figure it out.
yes, he is. and the sooner you realize that, the sooner youll find a way to win lana.
you know, i...
they eat fish.
what kind of a father are you vishal?
you expect me to clean it up now...!
its my knee. ill tell you how bad it is.
i didnt look for her because there was nothing to find.
ask me what she hasnt.
when aslan bares his teeth, winter meets its death.
its a little cold.
she saw aman and me together...
give him here, then. i got him...
should i pull over?
what did you do to him?
say hello to my son.
well, that day has come.
you just fired 2500 people and blamed it on me.
im sorry. whos back?
my auditors discovered unaccounted expenditures coming out of smallville.
he doesnt have it.
you want to help me with my homework?
we just want to help you get home.
ride the rhythm of waves, abreast all tides and ebbs
i want awing evacuated and shut down.
cactus dying of thirst. it dont bode well.
if its another cop, well handle it like we did the other ones.
watch it, oldtimer!
the discovery of her body rocked this community, and today, hundreds of mourners gather
either its so dangerous that i have to hide or its so easy that youre gonna be sidelined.
whats the big mystery?
i need two rack of lamb.
no, shannon. were getting out of this country.
so, where is the case now?
can anyone tell me what is the only piece of land thats south of us?
l too feel the same.
ah! im very busy.
what do you think i am? a christmas goose?
you show up here plastered...
you have become very weak my son.
there goes the girl.
yeah, the paxtons can be a bit overwhelming at times.
im only interested in the meteors.
what are you doing?
neither life nor death.
you are medicine doctor, yes?
thats how it works for me.
i saw you snap that guys neck with that breakdancing thing you do with your legs.
you missed class today,
its a parachute.
you should. i had one happen to me.
saw the entire city in front of me.
brother. stop this interrogation.
ill do mine.
there were six of us.
it was a total surprise. ive never seen my father happier.
maybe you should.
its been a year since we were together.
but i dont understand.  he was your responsibility, but you gave him away, claire.
ummmm...sorry did u get married?
let me flip for you. aint i something?
get your hands off the bar.
the most wonderful thing in the whole world has happened.
when i was 11, my mother got pregnant again.
i assume its someones twisted idea of a joke.
theyre the rock stars of the insect world.
sayyou... makes me feel closer.
give me that rs.50 note.
we know you have many choices when you fly.
the guy says, i was an explorer in the north pole.
i told you.
how will the hero survive?
my daughter lshita, she is my sweet heart.
you cant reason your way out of this.
same thing ive always done, kate surviving.
theres no warning?
but, but, but, think about it!
then what are you doing here?
this is a girls hostel.
i know i could.
why did you come with me if youve a problem here?
the world went and got itself in a big damn hurry.
confess it, and perhaps it will only cost you your hands instead of your life.
hey! where are you going?
no, its me. its... its my choice.
they dont check them on the way out.
sandy! sandy, open the door.
no, you shouldnt be whining in the first place.
yes, but dad says it gives him a headache.
for education is devoted to learning and spiritual elevation
he lied to her.
i think the he was murdered 5 days earlier.
i think your bacons ready.
you cant, can you?
can you tell us what it was like when the plane hit the ocean, how you survived?
we should do it again.
i cant give...
i dont know how to drive.
okay, well, obviously theres been some kind of mistake.
doctor is trying his best.
whats that name?
shell bust you, man.
ill tell you later, first do what i told you.
i could hold them forever.
brother wants you there.  what about these guys?
now hes doing the schilder technique. bloat
i run it.
i havent made up my mind one way or the other.
bruce right, then.
are you afraid of what youll see?
my men will find me.
part of my job.
i had a soft drink to quench my thirst, it had a coupon,
lets be friends.
he wants me to be his au pair.
even i have something to tell you.
ah, come on, let me look.
we boobytrap him.
oh, priya, youre such a doll.
i didnt know about this place. you gotta believe me.
its nice, huh?
but you gotta stay awake.
telmarines will be here soon enough.
what do i want?
im still not exactly sure why were here, but...
i came from over there.
it looks just like him!
this is it.
i knew itd be too much.
her switch is just broken.
listen, you said that you felt sick when you got around him, right?
all cable repairmen can, pops.
on the flight, he was on the seat beside me.
thats such a wonderful part.
its become a habit as i keep calling students sir.
you dont honestly believe this is some kind of an extraterrestrial?
come over tonight, ill help you with your homework.
you address students as sir as well.
it was so easy for you to leave.
i thought i killed you once. im not gonna make the same mistake twice.
what do you think hes doing?
i got a schedule to keep.
this was not a part of the plan!
i am only welcoming her.
well, you did what you thought was right at the time you thought it, jack.
hes in the psychiatric ward.
do you know she was in bangalore till now?
im tired, and i smell like jail.
there are many beautiful girls here, lets take a couple of them to india.
i know when im being followed.
like, you feel like you have a fever.
if you did, would you give me an address?
does he have das?
we gave you the ability to identify things from the other universe.
i need you to tell me what you were doing out in that jungle.
hitting the gym was a good idea.
you didnt take bath, right?  how did you find t?
and i always lost.
youll like it, i swear.
how am i gonna live with them, too?
sir, i needed to talk to you about your son, sir.
what are you saying, brother?
theres a boat! you see it?
whats wrong with you?
im sorry you got thrown through that window.
today is fathers birthday.
and 4500 pindaris were killed deceitfully.
shes find a new body to hide.
why do you want to leave?
do you see with heart?
charles come on, lets go out.
let me see what i can do!
i did, but you were gone.
all right, holloway, you know the drill.
today the results were gonna come scared and innocent!
request permission to move to crash site number two on foot. over.
i can always make something up.
i hear you. wheres the future in that, huh?
whats luck have to do with it?
listen to me.
im here to remind you about a key point in the treaty.
arent kids allowed?
and he wants you to stay with him, but its not his choice.
over there is here kitty kitty where the agency held my tryouts when i was made new.
youre strong enough to take risks with your emotions.
it shows you who your real friends are.
and i know you would never do anything to hurt your dad.
hes just trying to impress you.
take your shirt off.
i am trying so hard to understand all this, nick.
come quickly with the keys.
the whole thing, its right there.
..through which we can know right now..
you know, if anything goes wrong tomorrow, we cant let him walk away.
the dead can live.
you lied to my mother on her deathbed.
i thought it was my destiny to get into this... place.
they let you out early or what?
not the girl, the suicide.
why do you need five guns?
i cant believe this.
where did she go?
we need you to come back, jack.
you say anything, and ill kill them.
whoever it was, he left his stink behind.
now, you dont want to see me angry.
where did you find the rs.50 note..
youre saying something, seenu.
at last, he felt rewarded for his many years of hard work.
i can understand if shes hurt, youre so beautiful, why are you hurt?
you know what hes going through right now with his dad.
i was teaching her self defense techniques to avoid oglers.
did you talk with boone about destiny, john?
general grey, coordinate with the atlantic command.
yeah, right after im elected head cheerleader.
fine. you lead the way.
on the way home, a pickup truck blows a tire on the highway, hits us head  on.
of course. go.
the theatre where my uncle worked, owners son narsing machiraju were friends.
we should be leaving soon.
no, shes dead.
ok. see, we did crash.
why are you here?  we gotta get to the flight deck.
lets not waste any more time.
you didnt forget, did you?
youll tell him with my baton up your ass!
and thats not goanna change.
ive seen what users are capable of, clu.
i dont think we did the right thing, jack.  i think it wants us to come back.
all right. i got him.
we dont know anything.
but ive taken out the garbage lots of times before that...
youre drunk, lets go.  where will you go now?
you dont love jasmine. you love garbage.
there he is!
please come, dinner is ready.
ive an important news for you.
no, just the tux, the black cloak
dont walk away from me.
my eyes are helpless.
i had been spending so much time focused on the constants,i forgot about the variables.
not to rain on your parade, but i thought you said we needed anegative.
i dont have time to explain it all to you now, tanya, but your bosss chief of security is up to his bahamian bank accounts in industrial espionage.
you want variety, hit target.
you worry about getting the key.
bella, this is seth clearwater, leahs brother.
the door is closed, clark.
i want you to take the baby.
yeah, there isnt any.
my influence will be minimal but existing, yes. its a partnership.
i keep wishing chloe would just walk up those steps.
i have another name for you.
if i hadnt done it, wilson would have.
bring her back.
a boar did all this?
forget about this proposal and fix another one, uncle.
oh, i made a promise to an old friend of mine...
im not in pain.
i just think it means, you know, something a little different to you.
i dont know. is that a gray hair?
geoffroy lives in a big house with a big garden.
this plant was showing a profit.
youre a quimby for life.
give yourself a shot of this every nine days.
i cant believe this!
according to faradays plan, you must get the bomb as close as you can to the source of electromagnetism.
has it occurred to any of you that your buddys actually gonna cause the thing he says hes trying to prevent?
its such a big day for you today.
hes in custody.
how can you forget?
i cant. i cant go back to that island. i didnt say you were going back to the island.
why dont you see what shes got?
what got into you, bro?
i need to check the radar logs.
and dad, hell be with us.
sometimes it takes me a while to remember where i am.
we are now the gods!
come on, shannon, work with me.
so many girls had fallen in love with you, didnt you love anyone?
i know that.
youve got 48 hours.
you didnt even call him, did you?
agent mulder. what are his thoughts?
how do you know this?
i mean, i did go to medical school.
you are fine. you are great.
good luck, john.
every day theres a part of me that says, god, i hope he marries me.
your friends pretty wasted.  yeah.
so our college has selected our group.
thanks, guys.  see you next week.
somebody please help me!
they want you to steal food?  yes.
the dharma initiative called it the lamp post.
whats that worth?
you should have quietly given your wallet!
drop your ass to the floor
now, ask me nicely.
i just... never heard you mention her before.
what did i just say?
my stroke will leave narsing mad.
i was in need of dareness... for what?
you should have stayed in the truck, cunt.
i spent the whole night thinking about how to find 500 francs for the kidnapping.
or was there something else?
let it fry on one side only.
clark, where have you been?
they gave me a new dress to dye.
but were engaged.
what does his father do?
this place he mentioned to you,this island did he tell you that it could make you better?
you know, when i was your age, i wanted to be a violinist.
come on, guys, im holding traffic.
one minute youre happy go luckygood time hurley and the next youre colonel bloody kurtz.
this is an astronauts pen in space, foundain pen, ball pen cannot be used
well, if it makes any difference, i never stopped loving you.
im going back upstairs.
depends on how hard he looks.
she wants to be.
you have to open the doors.
that woman  what was her name? harper.
i got some ideas on that.
court is now in session. please be seated.
i dont even know what he looks like!
how are you doing there, beatrice?
but that makes him odd, not dangerous.
oh, my god. are you crazy?
if we paid the police by results, wed save the treasury thousands.
hey.you scared me.
you look very sexy.
im afraid mr. knights been injured.
now, ive known you a long time.
i would have seen her decide.
accept the fact that youre in a dream, and im here to protect you.
margaret and i are just two people who werent supposed to fall in love.
is she going to get that from you?
..president of happy club speaking.
we got a shotgun in the hallway!
you find out whos trying to bury him.
even if your brother decides, itll not happen.
you tell that turok makto calls to them.
right, its the last one you ever see.
her heart was in the right place.
im not. im interested in people...
i think i made a mistake coming here.
you ever think about boston?
my father went to prison for her murder.
we cant do that, but you can.
believe it or not, i have seen stranger things.
why are you scared?
its gonna work.
okay, zulekha, see you.
what does that mean?
you got 60 seconds. you get in, you get out.
what were you doing down there?
calci, you and cigarette.
a boars usual mode of attack is to circle around and charge from behind, so i figure it will take at least three of us to distract her long enough for me to flank one of the piglets, pin it, and slit its throat.
yeah yeah, i know who you are and i dont need you.
they are taking someone else mistaking him for me.
aah! no!  ah, dude, you were robbed.
rumpelstiltskin is gone and the chimichangas have been eaten.
you always look beautiful.
you trying to quit?
i know you?
in that case, ill have a regular coffee.  hey.
old spuds likes to make us write sentences.
why are there missing parts?
lets not spoil things.
now, exactly how we cook this is the real question...
...so how about we say...
drop the gun, symes, and kick it over here.
well done. it worked.
so that in sentencing, he maneuvers his way to fox river where his brothers scheduled to die in less than a month.
my heart used to weave dreams of love.
maybe its just a bunch of wires that...
hes a smooth operator.
how many of you are there?
sorry. i shouldnt have...
pretty soon, im going to start seeing my insides.
you wouldnt be meddling in my affairs now, would you, scofield?
timeits like a street, all right?
bradys got the outline of every single piece of hardware in here.
and from what ive seen, you and mr. sawyer share a certain animosity.
get over it.
thats what you think.
lm in airport.
dory oh, my. you poor fish.
hey come back. reznik, reznik!
then what is it?
believe me, nobody is here.
okay, i give up.
im reporting for duty. kevin johnson.
clarks just jealous.
look at you. charlie pace, respectable businessman.
so when are we now, wiz kid?
youve done enough already!
i wanna die!
yeah, were there sunshine.
this is not my message. no, no, no.
well, michael suffered from a couple of things.
its all i wish from you
give our commission. 10,000.
so, kid, you got a name or what?
you want some?
its the only place i can summon it...
ten hours of flight time is a week at this level.
how dare you escape from me?
here i was thinking i was gonna get a good nights sleep.
yes, teach me that.
them big old dumbo ears.
you cant just make a person up.
and hid the key to it in your dna?
okay, no worries. just throw this lever.
excuse me, mr widmore?
as i told sarah at the time, whoever they were,they were very good at getting in and getting out without being seen.
im not gonna cut you.
weve been excavating.
im going back to him.
yeah?  can you get some out of there?
now be sure to keep your uniform closed up to your neck.
when the posters will be put up in the city..
im looking for someone, guy named lincoln burrows.
nothing of that sort...
the plongeur wont be coming to you for advice anymore, eh, colette?
it may not be what you are used to, but it is defensible.
and if the alarm goes off dont tell him what its for.
whats going on here?
you gotta help her. youre the only one who can.
its not quite ready, its
five days. jakes right.
dad beat my mother.
dont worry sir we have eaten.
you look like shit, acting all crazy.
never thought id see the day, jack.
hes going to give himself his death.
i promise you that when the time is right.
i was so scared you werent real.
my wife is your wife.
but theyre saying she had a complete psychotic break.
yeah! thats my man!
i hear youve lost your appetite.
you know, sometimes you gotta learn to love whas good for you.
well, you know...
and i dont want that memory to be of that sick man laying there in the hospital.
we have someone on the inside, a total psycho.
stop. who killed him?
she saw somebody die.
i just process the profits.
no, theres still another way.
im out of ammo!
and jenny, weve to respect our elders.
hurleys father brought you to me.
and he travels all over the world... taking pictures of animals in their natural habitat.
this one is mine.
the luthors are famous for their ulterior motives.
ive been counting the seconds since last we met.
no, dont have much money.
this is a crime scene now.
we were wrong about the order. what if were wrong about the chain?
this town has a special place in my heart.
i got the tryout with kansas state.
what about my father?
youre not well!
i guess i was scared.
cause im coming with you.
bring the ax.
okay, okay bye.
or accents, skaldic poetry,
baby, i dont want you to leave.
look what hes done to the house.
i dont know what im gonna do with buddy now that youre leaving.
look, you have to get out of here.
two and three one thousands...
im helen, by the way.
repeat what you just told me.
headquarters is on the phone.
..then concentrate a bit on work too.
at first, it was just orders.
how do you think we knew you had relatives there?
like what? im gonna get in his way or something?
before you found him.
dont waste my money in a very expensive place.
you forget i know you.
we cant trust anyone in our business.
they think im one of these others?
just give me a minute, okay?
i never knew my parents.
he was taken by these divers.
oh, and while youre here
it just keeps going straight to voice mail.
shed so kill me if i told you.
as if our farhan will take dowry from u ppl!
push him with the car...
just like a vegetable.
what are you thinking?
because shell be valuable.
we cut the water off about an hour ago.
lets just say he proved his point.
get out of my way.
the call was a fake.
nothings changed since i was a boy.
id settle for the outfit.
its always have something to do with the money.
i think youre mistaken.
now youre giving me money and saying i dont have to?
how do you want to die?
i mean, i enjoy a hearty puttanesca myself, but im not sure that a child would appreciate the moniker.
you are very generous, mrs. v, but i..
well, the fee is 50 francs.
look at that! you see?
what i mean is that... hell forget this ever happened,and that... his innocence will be gone.
i was pressed up against the transformer.
we already discussed this.
the king fahd causeway comes in third.
in case you wanted to test it.
dont worry, lex, ill keep my concerns away from the luthors.
a sacrifice that the island demanded.
i dont want your stupid jacket.
are you a professional?
sir, ive got one person on the helipad.
youve done it before?
i did it for your own good.
you answer to someone, dont you?
i was lucky to get this europe trip.
its not who i am. sometimes i just get lost in it.
trust me, youre not the only ones that were affected by it.
okay, can you stop moving or im gonna cut your ear off.
what do you mean?
see if they have any water, food, supplies.
lex hooked me up. actually, chloe, i have you to thank.
ive gotta clean the fish tank before darla gets here.
your husband hasnt kept his feelings about me a secret.
it splits up the component businesses of fischer morrow.
stop the car please!
hey, claire, dont get too used to your life of leisure here.
why does everyone over 40 quote the godfather?
im sure he is, but you have a large class... and he can get lost from sight if youre not looking.
under no circumstances.
ill rap on your head.
hes making the country great again.
the sooner you face facts, the better off we will all be.
in the long run, i saved myself a massive heartache... and just replaced it with a... small one.
to my good friend amanda on her engagement.
i didnt see you at the dance last night.
when one sense goes the others get heightened.
are you going to hurt me, sayid?
and most of all, the best chance ill ever get to prove that one man... really can make a difference.
look at his face.
she fed him sweets and my father passed away right there.
shauna, i am so sorry.
im sorry, you do.
our wing has been breached.
lex, ive always enjoyed your unique sense of humor but you cant be serious.
his wound is infected,
that biography at school.
you have fifteen minutes to finish your breakfast...
its really up to her.
john theres no mission! im not a soldier!
you dont know. you know why?
thats enough. youre overacting.
problem, lady radley?
see you tonight.
when i was 12, my parents broke up,
i thought we had an understanding.
we shall never part through smiles or through tears.
i dont know.
its a finish bonded into the molecular structure of a new substance.
thank you, my liege.
shut up and keeping paddling!
youre not gabby.
from now on all of you must maintain anger.
youre messing with my worldview.
if you could manage us a lift to rouge city, all this and much, much more can be yours.
wait a minute.
its so they dont go picking up fire with their hands.
charm me and steal my heart.
but this is a specialty item.
what do you think, doc?
and i was able to make those decisions because, at the end of the day, after the boy died, i was able to wash my hands and come home to dinner, you know, watch a little carol burnett, laugh till my sides hurt.
i, peter, by the gift of aslan, by election and by conquest,
hold, hold on!
he was unarmed, gave himself right up.
okay. if youve got that under control
no one called?
and there are 30 of them, and they all have guns.
do you think he knows what hes doing?
that too without any evidence.
tomorrow night, behind siam si, old mill road.
you should say something to them.
marlin ok, im thinking of something orange... and its small...
well, thats not very advanced...
i know that. sweetheart, this has nothing to do with him.
not in this world, anyway.
ill tell you exactly where you know me from if you let me take you to dinner.
i dont want any of it!
he made it, libby.
your wife gave you a pass on the affair.
thats not what i mean.
hell turn up. a lot of cars to see.
request permission to engage.
saved your life, huh?
and you know what we found?
if i didnt think so, i wouldnt be wasting my breath on you.
it defies logic why he wouldnt kill him if he had the chance.
with the rape victims and the snitches.
..since you separated from lmmy.
i didnt shoot my wife, and i didnt shoot her lover.
god will bless you.
never get married.
claire. thats hers.
oh, thats funny.
you dont know what hes capable of.
well, then, i guess youre fired.
somebody will see us.
lets go, lets go!
where is ray?
sorry, inspector l have a meeting to go to.
take it easy on her.
i dont think this has anything to do with guns, or with getting your stash back.
you ordered and he killed them.
way to go, papasan.
theyre turning around.
i wil be really happy!
whoever named this place dark territory, genius.
everybody, please make your way toward the exit.
i was just trying to cheer you up, dude.
the models are ready!
body heat lasts longer.
dont stop now.
has he threatened you?
you can kill anyone in this world sitting at home with your laptop.
youve forgotten how that turned out. he bested you.
where do you think youre going?
i will kill one of them.
im your future daughterinlaws future husband.
why the hell are you here?
why is sam walking so strangely?
ralf, this tutor you brought in, does he usually teach children as young as gretel and bruno?
we got the wrong one..this one is empty.
i dont know, i think he wants to spend more time with me.
lana send you?
yeah? without a plan, youre dead.
if theres something you need to tell me, nows the time to do it.
removing you clothes will reduce your core temperature, thereby delaying your death.
with testimony given under hypnosis from a boy who claims he was given orders from an alien force through an implant in his nose.
but my brother told me there wasnt anything in the closet but fear.
this kinda school..... only can be made by that idiot rancho!
youll find me in the next life, if not in this one. what?
at least give it a try.
ive been trying to kill myself all day.
make that one.
okay, ill call.
what kind of man is he?
but emily was the one.
dont jump too soon.
come back in now, and well think of something.
but today? see for yourself. i am the biggest dealer for mehnaz herbal products.
well, i guess this is it.
our child will become heir to duggals family, you silly girl.
come on. you can make it. you can make it.
what are you doing here?
if i get hold of you this time around..
was it hunt, or was it janet?
you get him?
it contains only one year old sales records.
i just came by for a few things and this was...
i dont have any.
i beg your pardon? richard alpert. he said the only way to get them to come back was if i died.
wheres your pop?
get lost, you fool!
it doesnt matter. plans the same.
right after the meteor shower, wasnt it?
danny, did you know a justin gaines?
sean, you see that?
this one you cannot repair. now go.
this is a great place.
time to get your head out of those fiction books and start learning about fact.
i wanna know what you think.
watching from afar, in case he moves.
..and i had to meet the client urgently.
you look great!
right, yeah, dont tell me.
its not like we aint never done it before.
a cooler is a man who is summoned by the casino..
it wasnt your place to stop us.
here, hold these.
we can pay our respects to those people.
my tiecummerbund combo. i gotta get my tux order in today.
i swear to god, ill drop him right now.
thank you mr. president.
from today seenu is my man.
..is not reciprocated towards us muslims.
just get the warrant. land, cell, email, fax, skype. the whole fucking thing.
look, your babys coming.
oh, so in time, my parents wont be scared of me.
im not talking about some kind of pagan voodoo
im telling you, ravi there is something in this house.
you gonna do this tour?
i couldnt sleep.
were streaming live worldwide for over 20 million viewers. this week...
hes little, so he steals things and runs away.
sir, ive got some updates for you.
katrina said it was rigged from the inside.
i keep thinking, looking back on it is, uh...
boy, you got me pegged, dont you?
because were going to need every sword we can get.
i suggest that we call him and tell him the truth.
so whats your sign,michael knight?
the wreckage of oceanic flight 815 has been found.
but closerthan a real sisterto us
yeah. good luck.
most important, dont turn the dosa.
we can fashion an electronic barrier.
clap your hands! the lnspectors coming
i even took apart the pipes in my bathroom because i was convinced that it had gone down the drain in the sink.
this is my fault, man.
you see something, simmons?
detective sam phelan, metropolis p.d.
where is joachim anyhow?
if shes happy, itll make me happy.
its called privacy.
what ure sayin?
hes handsome and dashing.
we cant, were not in chicago.
i presume our understanding is still valid?
its the same as the last one.
mary, dont move.
hed tell the sheriff why he was here.
we are calling it a night.
save me, god.
why dont you fight for yourself?
gilda, are you decent?
you know why hes attached to me?
how do we get out of here?
all right, lets pack.
its nice to finally hear your voice.
whats going on here, seenu?
what are you doing?
still... its not the same aunty...
..and from that bank weve to get priyas address, simple.
im sorry you lost your friend.
fortunes changed, destiny was rewritten.
the third time she has been blessed by god with son.
where are you going?
people meet when destiny wants them to meet.
they say beera can be in ten places at the same time
i congratulate you. rome congratulates you.
merging onto 4th.
hurley, this is ridiculous.
dont lose hope, man.
i want you to think about that.
i mean, usually, you peel a video back a couple of layers and anything bogus comes off.
she delivered them all here under her fish stand.
if you say no tomorrow night tony..
his vital signs are deteriorating rapidly.
guess who just called me. sean.
he sent us here to learn the tactics of these british.
no. dad, i dont believe it.
you idiot, get up! papa is coming.
so, what should we do now?
locke footprints, three sets, all over the place.
hey whats the mater?
how about we talk about that other thing?
he had lymphoma.
ill go away, leave me.  sit down.
hes only a patient.
im very sorry, sun.
if you want to stop them, accept that we are two people.
you cant do this for your father.
my.. my bosss daughter.
thats why theyve sent you to me.
i have a test for you.
..a board around my neck?
i hear you were out looking for michael.
there are certain places with great energy, spots on the earth like the one were above now.
how many have you had?
and our torches?
i dont protect you, them rugheads gonna gobble you up like a plate of blackeyed peas.
pay no attention to anything he tells you.
his teeth just fall out off his mouth and theres blood... and im scrabbling around picking them up.
we are gonna hurt him and his family the way he hurt ours.
but when you have a gift, you cant just hide in a hole and hope it goes away.
there was still time.
i could help, i can get you treatment.
..that lmmy is my lifepartner.
baba rancchodas rolled his tongue back....what will he say?
!  we ate the cake.
weve come here today..
keep dreaming, amy. your parents clean his bathrooms.
youre not supposed to raise him, jack.
you could sleep through a damn nascar race, man.
were gonna spend a lot of time here.
best case, clarks under a microscope. worst case, hes a freak in a jar.
is that the father?
then lets get you to work.
load up. were getting out of here.
id like that, too, but sams been dead for four years.
that i wouldnt have put out an alert?
the day before were all supposed to be rescued,
youre not taking anything.
youre quite enamoured of yourself.
i got to find him.
what the hell do you think youre doing? !  they just shot him!
the human descendent of corvinus
found your journal, mom. the one you kept in high school?
where did you call me back papa?
is there anyone else with you?
im also hurt.
i was only halfway across the crosswalk when your car came barreling around.
i can get it done in no time, okay?
you going to do something with that faulty memory of yours.
why are we pindaris fighting amongst ourselves?
could you please tell the ladies and gentlemen of the jury
the guy who made frozen yogurt?
the hydrogen bomb that i told you people to burywhere is it?
you told linguini he could trust you.
i asked you to come home for a reason.
captain arabs in, too.
its bleeding too much. you have to go back.
i only got one rule.
you know what this means.
it never ends, pickle.
you tell her im dead.
been doing a little, uh, thinking.
i suppose i would be, too.
we need to come back to base, rearm and regroup and then we can go back out.
were losing fuel!
he was trying to escape from the hostiles.
jatin, shes mrs. gandhi.
no, im here to say sorry.
a lot of our clients are elderly and housebound, like mrs. sikes.
i was a little stupid the other day...
went down pretty fast.
you should be focusing your energies on your work.  on my work.
bhavani batch is searching for seenu.
well, i would worship both of you a lot more...
put down your weapon.
dr. hamilton, hello?
itll blow us up.
all right. bye.
the engineer, a 26year rail company veteran, was killed earlier today in keating summit, central pennsylvania.
no, ill go with you.
check this out.
valkirye 16, get your payload ready.
is that called carrying forward the lineage?
what makes you so responsible all of a sudden?
i didnt do it for you...
shes in their territory.
thanks to sid... were now travelling together... and like it or not... were going to be one big happy family!
then what is it about?
is the reason youre letting that clock there run all the way down to the very last tick...
breathe. okay. good.
and this job, this last job, thats how i get there.
thats what wed like to ask her.
is there an actual question coming?
do not look at it.
tell me about it.
hurry, the suns coming up.
all right, scofield had no priors and a fulltime job as an engineer.
relax. relax, anushka.
will you be needing an office?
will you follow it as rule?
what are you talking about?
the dharma folks at the swan work site
what possible reason could i have for putting myself through all this?
yo, open up! its the ghost of christmas future!
you were a communications officer.
keep this with u..
right now im thinking you dont seem like yourself.
who are you?
ya ya my dad wont allow me to break the engagement with suhas, how great you explain!
now we can proceed like a couple of gentlemen.
but the black swan?
alright. surprise. thank you, daddy.
well never be a team.
take me away oh darling take me away.
so, just leave me alone.
i crapped myself once in junior high.
youre so sweet.
come on, come on, come on.
you know, your dad was a great football player in high school.
sometimes i feel that shes pooja.
agents francis and dunham.
then you know the incision needs to be 2 inches lower than where youre shaving.
talking to your wife.
and boone was the first one into the water.
so, this work detail, what are we looking at?
if i didnt know any better,
if i can... then that hatch will never be built, and your plane will land just like its supposed to.
sorry dont suit me.
no, no, no, not everything.
if a plane landed?
if i return without attending interview, father will shout at me.
another excuse to get chased down and killed by whatever lives in the jungle?
maybe somebody can tell me who or what this son of a bitch is.
they just, sorta came to me.
u had changed the speech right?
you used those numbers to play the lottery?
and your baby will never be born.
you put something in my drink.
ive been railroading 28 years.
you and your dad are very close, isnt it?
my father doesnt want me to be him. exactly.
wont happen. ill be there looking out for you.
im afraid to look.
is that a coincidence?
pee on it.
my hands are sullied. but your wife isnt pure as gold
maybe were too early.
is he gonna be okay? youre gonna have to wait here,maam.
look, theres just so many things.
you know, i didnt think that this book would be so much work.
actually my husbands first wife had died.
god, i cant sing that high. huh? where am i?
we sat and drank with the sun on our shoulders and felt like free men.
i cant... i cant... what were you gonna...?
ill handle the rest.
those cracks, they fill up pretty fast.
so, let me see your category one permit.
i especially liked the bit about fluid exchange.
frank barnes and will colson will be the victims of the biggest rail disaster in the history of the northeast.
if you wanted to play rough, all you had to do was say so.
it might do more than that.
why are you begging at his feet?
id give you the benefit of the doubt...
soon. i have the crews working double shifts.
we caught them following us once.
only if youre gonna try to convince me every woman in the worlds not crazy.
i can see a bright light.
is there anything in there about how were supposed to move a 10ton bomb across the island?
and my other friend the platypus!
and now, scenes from last weeks episode.
they are rising rapidly.
l didnt tell you the truth because my feelings for him..
we could draw it.
we know prem did everything.
we unite lovers.
you told her you did not know what was inside the statue.
command has attempted to list casualties and losses, but information is sketchy.
wait, wait, wait.
im thinking we should say goodbye.
i just want to find the people who did this to chloe.
that what i think it is?
in trying to get the hair of the spirit i used a part of my power.
oh my god! its good to have you on board!
sorry. dont worry about the mirror. just stay still. spreader.
we found a book.
as were approaching the beach,
you love him a lot.
dont understand it, sir.
wait up, man. ill buy some of those.
they wont understand.
ben wouldnt like it.
queen lucy hasnt.
your body is a temple, and now it is time to thank the gods.
making me look bad.
i suppose you two have a few questions.
lets go special k. do not make me wait for you!
mr. lewis, i need it.
or is it because of your dad?
i would hate for you to see four months of wasted time and effort.
well, youre not working on it fast enough.
thats not really helping, is it? its just...
take the goddamn gun!
love from superboy.
the bailiff will read the counts. will the defendant please rise?
a significant one. and you can find it?
and your mother would tell my mother, why must you pick onlittle sayid?
i want to trust you.
no, john, youre not.
because desmond didnt know you when he first came out of there, that means youve never met, which means you cant meet.
i guess theres nothing wrong with wanting a little time for myself.
maybe if we can stop this mechanic from getting killed, we can break the chain and the rest of us will be safe.
what the hell does this have to do with you anyway?
considering her mental state, she could be anywhere.
even i do sometimes.
there was no boat.
these times dont coincide.
you think youre all noble and heroic for coming after me?
next time we clean the neighbors garage... its coming out of your allowance, not mine, picasso.
lutorius drusillus salinator, acting senior officer.
if you ask how she must be...
yeah, well, i...
i dont know how it happened.
you really shouldnt be here during restaurant hours.
he missed his flight.
your performance lately has been more than adequate.
so this is your idea of losing a tail, huh?
no, of course youre not at liberty to.
bob. come here.
shell tell you anything you want to know.
i promise, your army will not be harmed.
are you in love with me?
will you excuse me for a minute?
i never said no to you for anything.
in your gambling.. do you win or lose?
of course, what are old friends for?
bank finally sent over a list.
youre looking for someone.
yeah, well... if you find a job that pays you to be creative and have fun... then maybe you can give them my resume too.
tell her an old friend.
lets get into yours!
ive arranged a tutor for you both.
he said youd been attacked.  wheres hurley?
hold on, hold on!
name and back number.
youre checking to see if i went nuts, if i was gonna tell. are you?
i dont know what youre talking about.
never mind, you brought nod, right?
i didnt mean to interrupt.
matt, its a long way to the humvees!
jim, let him go.
god, i havent seen you since your fathers funeral.
maybe this isnt smart.
beuse come tomorrow,you wont remember i did.
but one remains, the cold ones.
and i see you and my husband have become friendly.
how will it be if two go without getting wet?
send him to the best school in the world.
jack thinks im crazy, doesnt he?
i knew about the 600 grand you had tucked away from the getgo.
hold on! calm down, everyone! let me talk!
im just a little nervous about the party tonight.
thats it for tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
claires having the baby?
why havent you called me back?
there has got to be an explanation.
they called me.
how can i help you?
we may live on the luthor estate, but were not part of that world.
emails letters faxes... i sent you all ofthese and you didnt reply to any... very rude.
but he wanted it. hell, he asked me.
hes stolen food and hit the road!
what the hell was that?
and well plant the flowerbeds,
ill circle around behind him.
ya.. i have eaten already.
go ahead. thats good. push.
lets nuke the bastards.
i told you so. perfect. now i get all your daddy abandonment crap.
well, i dont need jurisdiction to look up an old friend.
jack called me.
does this sound like a good idea to you, eloise?
and can you get jin and sun, jenkins, and that frogurt guy?
the last time i didnt believe lucy
a parentteacher conference over free wine? okay, fine. its a bad idea.
spencer needs to win.
why would i not?
room for two.
what the fuck ?
your story is really very strange, priya.
stay away from the cans!
come on, suck my dick, bitch!
but dont do that again, ok?
how many cullens are here and how long are they staying?
we have received word from rome.
let her open just one.
one truly is the lonliest number...
who hit you?
it was just sitting in the tent. jack just took off.
im not using.
will you come visit me?
oh, well, look at you.
all i can do is try to understand it.
we should throw in a chest mint.
sawyer let me go. they were going to kill me.
if theres trouble, i wont use the rock hammer.
hurry up, jenny.
this from the guy who bought me a ring for my sweet 16... straight from a gum ball machine.
do you think im a slut?
im so glad i wore my good jeans.
oh no, no im not a terrorist.
i know the flame was a communication station.
you guys ever notice anything strange about tina greer?
were all going to die.
i was in the office.
cons like him, theyre good for a visit or two.
it is only in the mysterious equations of love,
this is a map to the temple.
you like that?
why does khan want to meet the president?
i just cant believe...
no tree shaking behemoths, french transmissions.
just 24 tiny little hours.
its a strange hobby.
then i will just get back to work
hey, why dont you let me buy you a drink.
they wanted someone with tiny fingers to clean all these.
get out of here!
but ill give you as much of a head start as i can.
i want you to look up.
you dont hear that?
the only time you move is to lift a drumstick from the bucket.
get rid of the knife. youre not him!
why hasnt it gone off yet?
have him meet me at the bank.
you came 14 days late. why not in 14 minutes?
if that sort of thing turns you on.
its very strenuous.
im the head nurse.
its not your fault.
is it pink?
byron well, youre pretty far into it.
i didnt know what my son looked like.
if hetal ties the thread..
so i killed him.
i had to run some errands, so...
if i go down for killing bob, believe me,
you are not my brother!
its a teenage crush, nothing more.
just listen to me...
dont fire me,okay? what?
thank you for not shooting me.
but he called me sweet boy.
um.. one min one min commisioner sirs call, hold on, excuse me sir sir
you know, two out of three marriages end in divorce.
why are you telling me this now, jack?
bring it forth.
..then why did you go against destiny.
i mean, since youre his father... i havent been his father in nine years.
well. youre the last person i expected to walk through my door.
a nice wedding proposal would have slipped out of our hands.
theres someone in the rafters.
were pretty sure he used this fire as a diversion in order to escape.
if it was a psychotropic compound, wed be feeling the residual side effects.
what else can i expect more than it as a father, deepu?
do you know when they get in next door at the sonata caf?
he wants to know if youre selling this castle after we sell out your father.
since i didnt call you, and i havent heard of any threeheaded sheep born in smallville...
behind turn of the screw.
brother... where she went?
the worst parts over.
all right, i need a list of all the rigs directly in the path of the storm.
you know what they say
always do something unexpected.
i have this on 911.
oh, you wanna torture me, dont you?
devika is in love as well.
look, id really appreciate if you could just tell me exactly what you saw.
what do you think it is?
her name is roma.
no need, ive already informed them.
my heart...my sister is my heart.
yeah, thank you, thank you.
you look old.
he, uh, formulates his own versions of the compounds.
better answer her
i was under the impression these were found here so im just gonna borrow one.
why do you speak like this father?
my anger threw us apart..
who is there at the front there?
im swearing off men.
i still dont remember what happened. are you sure i didnt hurt you?
since you told me you wanted on this raft, i couldnt figure it out.
dreams about you can make even mountains to slip, when you speak making gestures with hands, lt rocks my heart,
i dont think youll find anything.
... insomeplace with a very bad climate?
dont look at me, answer his call and say something.
someone whos not from charlestown, thats all.
i must find him before the police gets to him.
you shot him in the chest?
im tired of your oneway fucking bullshit.
which building is it, sir?
you need to carry that all the time?
..but not the menu..
there is no evidence of a leak,michael.
...or things are gonna get very ugly.
what do you mean?
you son of a bitch. you did this on purpose.
he wasnt on the plane.
we can leave food for it.
life doesnt bestow him with anything.
whats happening to me?
maybe you caught something.
i made a mistake, mom.
uh... youll have to do the honours for me, man.
hey guys, the teachers back!
i dont think its a good idea.
i will never fail you again.
you got security cameras on that floor?
whats to stop me from leaving now?
chavez isnt gonna bring anyone along for the ride that he cant use.
im saradammas grand daughter.
i have to go 4 a job interview oh..so u gonna go with me?
not gonna tell...
you cant be two things!
by changing your phone number, you fate will change.
john, this is a great opportunity.  how do they even know about me?
we found majors son.
just confirming your 1100 consult with ms. berenberg.
something wrong, son?
mr. magloan never met a car he couldnt boost.
come on, mom.
you move the guns, and ill stay here and push your damn button for you.
i walk, you walk with me.
who wants breakfast?
is there anything you can identify about the men?
this is the only warning im giving you.
could nt you tell and go?
i never heard a man cry before.
she wont be at school today.
and its loaded with sharks.
just do what you were hired for.
i mean, their camp has gotta be close.
no, its okay.
i am vice president of this country.
this is strictly forbidden.
in a perfect world.
hope you got the combo, doc.
dad, ive always listened to you.
you know that, right?
which is another way of saying he doesnt have the nerve to compete.
its not like theyre domesticated animals.
i mean, a room that size would give you a... a... blam, blam, blam, blam.
for the fastest route to sarah.
sometimes i just wish i could leave this town and get away from the meteor rocks.
jacob just got there.
how do you know my name?
yes whoz the bridegroom?
you expecting a subway?
i know whats next.
i knew we needed to escape, but she wouldnt accept it.
how do you know that they...
you listened to your old man when you were ten?
first, lets go from here.
remember, keep your friends close and the quarterback closer.
but things always work out.
be happy today.
i packed your toothbrush and your toothpaste.
this was her idea, wasnt it?
uncle, where are you headed?
and our casino will start winning again.
and i assume you have a plan.
you are wrong.
youve been assigned to our work detail.
you, top ridgeline.  we need to be getting people away from here!
my god, its you, isnt it?
hes a private investigator.
whats he like?
see, theres your problem. we dont want to be found.
..because sometimes those who try, succeed.
aare..how much will u earn in that jungle?
what are you doing here so early?
what do you mean? not all of us have a sean to wear to that party,
i think its fine. theres no mention of witnesses in the paper.
i stashed it.
im going back for the next group.
come on, luke! yeah!
at least i was in my old life. id like to be again.
to put a restrain on that house.
and then i followed cozier and got his license plate number.
nobodys trying to bury him.
howd he get the toolbox?
i didnt wake aaron,did i?
hey mona..wat happened?
what did she do?
the thing that defined me, that gave me strength.
excuse me, please shift inside, you know... i just had to sit in the back, you know, because hes such a dangerous driver.
i buried him, kate.
so thats the matter.
michael,sarah is in distress.
what the hell is that?
and i dont want to do that...
it is i, rumpelstiltskin shepherd of your dreams.
i said no.
to create an artificial being has been mans dream since the birth of science.
i keep telling sanjay, to try turning the antenna or something.
you think shed like that?
im blind, sir.
you mean, like, somewhere in school?
lost season04 episode04
ok. here we go. ready?
why cant daddy come with us?
i dont mind if she doesnt make it, the trip is cancelled if you dont come.
we force them into a choke point. we get them in overlapping fields of fire.
i knew it...
no, no. he was here.
switch has been thrown.
i think i crashed your plane.
subtle. how does it work?
he cant trace it to us.
i found that guy struggling for life... out on the reef, and i saved him.
all the instruments, they just i think they went down.
its 30 yards from their camp.
i wanted to fix it, he just...
your friend desmond had a boat.
for 28 years
dr. chang,wait! will you wait one second,please?
i had it sorted.
it was one of those fighting irish tattoos.
what are you doing?
what are you doing?
theyre making money off our blood.
im pregnant, alright!
i told you your mother would have been proud of you, and she would have.
i made a mistake.
when my prediction came true..
whatever you guys are into.
how are you about what happened with alison?
and never forget
..what is destined, will happen..
shouldnt we study birds of egypt?
but for a crown princess..
for humans, a little poison, a dagger to the heart.
i want you to help me bust him out.
they only know me.
spent eight hours a day dusting fields all over smallville.
see, thats the problem.
oh, man, thats disgusting.  what is it?
how about a brain?
l cant do this.
and i get it, its really dangerous and unpredictable.
maybe what you could explain to me is why its bureau policy to label these cases as unexplained phenomena and ignore them.
caused the crisis which led to her death.
he has also ordered that i should meet a psychiatrist.
you shouldnt be here.
and one, and two, and three, and four. hello, dear. we all know the story.
every stations making like its the 1950s.
and then one more time...
at least listen to what im saying first.
my flight to la leaves in a couple of hours, so you gotta get moving, you know?
uh... you know, the usual.
i cant believe...
george, you cant give up.
something this original you dont toss out!
hes got a point.
now, ive heard of some farout burglar alarms, but this is heavy!
lm looking for the receipts.
okay,they cant hear or see us,
this morning i woke up a possum... and now...
havent enough of us died already?
my name is john nash.
got somethin in yr eye,hugo?
thank you for question one.
no, shrek. you gave it to me.
its under a minute now.
keys to a car thats waiting for us a couple hundred yards from here.
ill buy it.
you remember, the english paper?
what are you doing here?
silly girl! shes trying to use her psychology knowledge on us.
ah! well, that was easy. anybody else?
i like exploring.
no, no, no, no.
if this is my dream, why cant i control this?
no, im maggie. if the bowl is big.
hes not a slave!
naomi, what are you talking about?
not together, ill do.
ive no desire to change anything in england, except the weather.
what the hell are you doing here?
the bloods not the problem, its the leg.
you like to make a big entrance.
...from everyone in the group doing whats best for himself.
i know what happened to your mother.
i hope you know how lucky you are, man.
you were only trying to help me.
im just trying to do something.
maybe we ought to get the love out of the way fore we move on to hate.
can i ask you somethin? sure.
i had a prius.
no, weve been away.
but if you really feel theres some conspiracy occurring,
you know if you get kidney cancer, youve only got one.
now weve got rules and protocol for a reason.
are we taking hostages now?
did james help?
dude, probably not the best idea right now.
it was his mothers fifth birth.
whats going on? now its the battery...
viktors prisoner for all time
isnt it a coincidence that both our fathers share the same birthday?
one kid is like fucking g.i. joe.
but i can make amor and psyche for you now.
whos the old man?
might i hazard an alternative suggestion?
why after all these years did you just decide to blow poor wayne up?
missed me...missed me! try and come and kiss me!
oh, its... i dont wanna do this right now.
ready to make the ultimate sacrifice... to save your species!
ive never been so happy to hear french!
the trunk was a deadfall.
laura, have you seen the twins?
we kinda... ate it all.
what the hell are you expecting?
then this drunk, this wayne, he moves into your house.
but what if there really are survivors out there?
you may have mistaken someone else for him.
youre gonna stay in our home.
shreks gonna do his famous ogre roar!
you figure out the rest.
but horace told me to.
dont be. dads put the fix in.
what is he thinking? mmmmmmmmm. dude, for real.
god doesnt know.
what are you guys doing?
i didnt pull any alarm.
we dont know that.
how did you get back to the island? where have you been?
ive never seen him before in my life.
oh, what an occasion we have here before us.
there is a big demand for membership.
they really bring out the ham.
you cut your hair off?
after the race, youll be looking for me. i guarantee it.
youre a strange man, sir.
you want him?
regrettably we are all out of wine.
and now, its time to welcome our chief guest..
someone followed me, i beat him up.
thats the beef?
do not worry about the moons power, general iroh.
and when youre a grownup, youll understand.
i wanna talk to him directly.
with good ol russian bullets.
you worried theyre gonna hear me?
you... go back.
...feeling of air. take it.
maam, get your baby upstairs.
i hope you find what youre looking for.
is it because youre repenting your decision of marrying me?
weve been through a lot the past few months. i figure i should give her this one.
because i couldnt do my work.
in a bathrobe?
we cant have his dna fall into the wrong hands. yeah,right.
i call it the wizards wand.
now youre being rude
i got the chance to fall in love with you all over again.
pretending its not would be a mistake.
i do apologise for the shoes, mr. rango, but theres a certain protocol to this game, you understand.
oh, im not like the flash at all.
gentlemen, if we can just stay on task here.
well, you can go on in, sir.
cameras are one thing. what about the guards?
and ill commit suicide.
yeah, id love a coffee.
if youve been going through what i have, james, maybe the more appropriate question would be
joe jr., come back.
we can get some space here.
you must go now!
what is he doing in our bed?
let nobody be dead today.
..it will be like watching tv.
take all the time you need, dear.
hey, i dont wanna rush anything, but can we go into your room?
ticket 366.. it costs 366.
you know how bosses can be.
you see, i envy you.
ok, this is a little rough. i can do this.
dont blame us forfor this, for whatever is happening.
i dont love him.
hey, come on, munchkin.
those two girls...
depends on jacks best guess.
you gonna drink with me, right?
you need to sleep this off.
i suggest writing 300 times
we coordinated. well, she coordinated me.
a woman died this morning just going for a swim.
then why in tarnation did you bring it here?
of how many apparitions of men, should women beware?
im telling you, i dont see the boat.  then keep looking!
hes not in your office. you are in his.
a party.  tonight.  for you lts on me.
i was wrong about your friend and about you.
we have to get...
okay, now look at me.
you fucking smartass.
david, i will do anything that is possible but i cannot make you a real boy.
well, that changes things.
the only people we can rescue is our ourselves,
youre gonna have to be a little more specific than that.
yes. it means a kiss.
a misunderstanding is when you bring me lemonade instead of iced tea.
mr. cooper, i got john locke here, says hes your son.
that has always been true.
your friends are back.
i like it.
its so good to see you!
what if he doesnt get something that he likes?
and im drinking your coffee why?
when i had no one to call my own..
im part of your subconscious, man.
we spoke on the internet about the meteors?
i wanted to help. is this because of chloe?
ive been working for margaret tate for three years.
im very hungry.
this is my favorite part.
hey!  im looking for richard.
man bye, now.
i need two salmon, three salade compose, and three filet.
i give you a princesss worst nightmare!
wed be thirsty.
so we came to you.
im listening. i am. its just
i cant hear you.
ill be your pilot today.
amy, i asked you a question.
not stopping. oh! oh...
and then i realized... it was all because you didnt love anybody.
very, very slowly.
whats this trouble in the middle?
ok. ill ask sayid, but even if he could make something like that, hes not gonna have anything to power it with.
ive seen you somewhere.
his patience usually beats out my more aggressive strategy.
im a tattooed version of myself.
this is a restricted area.
and even if they do, they dont barge inside the house.
but all this is too much...
its probably not that bad.
are you going to die mamma?
only what he learned in rocky iv.
you said shell come, how can you be so sure?
..and not lmmy.
thats right, frank.
because they have a hostage.
every time you and barry are together.
its an ancient curse!
i lost my way.
i wasnt hitting on anybody.
you know better than that.
if you help me, i can marry jenny.
wait, hold on.
whispers we just have to talk quietly.
and you came.
im your uncle on your fathers side, aquila.
i got kids.
ever since i found out about a medical condition i have ive become very interested in your work, dr. hamilton.
you mean that?
ill have a car come to collect you both.
yeah, he came to see her too.
you stay with iris, and you keep her safe.
around the same time next year youll be on streets.
you should buy her a ring.
get selected in the cricket team.
in the meantime, do everything you can to help michael get that raft on the water.
perhaps a drop more?
depression leads to death.
jealousy is the gift of the lucky few
we cant break the protocol.
whenever we are now were here for good.
is always been him.
ill see you in another life, brother.
you mean kidnapping?
save my life?
father, ill never let your name be tarnished..
trust me means absolutely zero inside those walls.
i just didnt understand the concept that hours could turn into years down there that we could get trapped so deep that when we wound up on the shore of our own subconscious we lost sight of what was real.
you know it will happen anyway.
boom biddy boom, biddy biddy boom boom.
ill be outside,
good, okay, whats the next step?
i hate being sick.
sisterinlaw, i hope youre not hurt too bad..
where have you been?
and after 10 years from now..vll come back on this same station on this same date, well see whose more successful!
you called me off.
you think i did it on purpose?
is that your throwing hand?
theres a wheelchair back at camp...
six are manned by my men.
dont touch him!
thats the thing with whitney.
try not to nudge any of the rocks around you.
i thought you wanted things the way they were.
they wont provide anywhere near the sheer strength the completed structure will need.
hey, lets go watch tv.
you could try taking out the garbage. indistinct, muffled voice john muffled and theres some more, theres some more in....
youve said what i came to tell you.
i had a fish for asthma as medicine.
dont you always?
thats for the roses, sweetheart.
the newbornsll be frantic.
im guessing you know how to handle one of these?
how many of your group have gotten sick?
chavez  hey, guard!
thank you, boss.
thanks. think ill stick with the book.
then we shouldnt have bought a tv.
beautiful view of freedom from here, katrina.
the hatred that your inmates have is pure.
he already left.
but you, youve got a good reason to hate me.
i mean... would you be good enough to prepare the enfleurage frames, jeanbaptiste?
here they come!
hes the man who killed me.
may our children forgive us.
dont worry about it.
im just about finished, sir.
what makes you think im interested in anything you have to say?
shes a pawn, nothing more.
im gonna get a tonic, i guess.
sam, its what he wants.
but when i miss him i cant stay away even for a second.
its my dad
its all about innocence
he did not mind sharing his moms love with me.
i told you, the next fucking things not ready.
now youre up against number one.
were both professional.
d, please solve my problem.
whats going on?
who are you?
sounds like a bunch of bullshit.
hello, mr. alpert.
sir, why will she go to hospital today.. its her marriage today!
roaring star sent me here to collect fee from his grand daughter.
dad, do you remember anything?
wait. will you just wait?
kunu, why did you park the vehicle so far?
youre not going to need that, dude.
damn, youre fine.
we see you everywhere in everything we see
a grade studentskings, c grade studentsslaves!
though while you sleep, we are apart,
..has given me a big break, baby.
crab didnt use. he had a bad heart.
great. ill show you where it is.
why just her? probably thinks shes the easiest to crack.
no. its a button.
hey, i just heard, is she all right?
wait, wait, wait. this way, come on.
so what is your point, miss hooper?
speed and image, yeah.
sir, the sentries downtown have recovered flynns light cycle.
now move on the second thing and report back.
i had work and so missed it, come to golconda fort a 4pm with her.
oh, i see.
treat the wounded, well wait for the convoy!
michelangelo had come in every day for the past four months, stared at the marble and gone home for his supper.
because im not your nurse.
i mean, if you wanted it bad enough...
its three dreams, thats 10 hours times 20
but then i finally realized...
they wont reach the city for 30 minutes.
what are you talking about?
give her this.
thats the same fellow what give us a prospecting permit?
but we didnt.
at least he didnt get that one.
i cant remember his name though.
ive tolerated him a lot.
dont worry about it. justins signed up so im going as his guest.
die...die in their hands.
no, no, shes gonna pay, man.
his memory will probably return within 24 to 48 hours.
by following ethans trail.
how come youre hurt?
because dad told me to protect you with my life.
shes marilyn and shes grandfathered back from the days when prisoners were allowed a creature comfort or two.
we got to be the best of friends, and although i may never see him again, i miss him.
if you had given me a gun...
im so sorry.
come and sit here.
theyre like a web, these people. the harder you struggle, the worse it gets.
the route im going is known as fingering.
so im gonna tell you again dont push it.
no, im telling you that she fooled us and doubled back.
checking to see if im disappearing.
what do you mean?
first big date and all, you know.
i guess they couldnt sucker anybody into getting on that sub if they told us we were gonna be grease monkeys and janitors.
i didnt listen to her.
we have a reporting structure. just because youre my son...
well, what can i say, ladies?
they need a mom after me...
i want you to come with us.
you need to relax.  ... now. ben is not gonna hurt hurley.
why are you so against me becoming like you?
okay. so what do the two of you talk about?
youre an only child.
ah, its okay.
what would you like to have for breakfast..
you wanna stay here in crazytown or help me rescue the geek?
they require private funding as such the image of the nobel is....
shes narsings sister.
yeah, but, maybe what were looking for is whats not there.
but you said...
ma, im fine.
well form a secret gang to help nicholas.
because you told me there was, john.
thats what youre calling a riot nowadays?
exhales  i think its a conspiracy.
im not allowed to leave the caves after dark.
pissing where we stood.
the detectives son. billy miles.
how do i look?
whitney, look out!
you know, she came to visit me in the hospital after the accident.
i got one, too. but if i hadnt done what i had to do, we wouldnt be on our way to see em right now, would we?
perched up there waiting to snatch linus.
once you get in, swim to the bottom of the chamber... and ill talk you through the rest.
no, not at all.
somebody patch the other hole!
i know that it is hard for you to ask for help but if you tear your stitches
his names jeremy creek.
which ways the beach?
kate you really are one of a kind.
youll find it at the well.
now... those are my girls.
look whos here.
what happened to you?
trains about four minutes out!
yeah. what do you think it was?
by the age of five, jeanbaptiste still could not talk.
ill always feel something for him, but am i in love with him in that way?
i didnt think about my personal problem.
you have to sign it too. right here.
with ten truckloads of ammunition?
i could have been good!
okay, jim, last chance.
oh, im sorry, i believe these were togo.
we just want to see kalpana madam. mr singhania has sent me here.
and like a sleepwalker, his olfactory memories drew him back to the place where he was born.
i missed you.
dont look at me like that!
solve your murder.
just remember i was the one left bleeding on that fire escape in 04.
let me make these walls disappear.
whats a pretty girl like you gonna do down in tallahassee?
tell me rahul.
how about you go back to the beach?  hey, enough.
i did some work last night.
this wasnt just moscow.
yo, doc. what you doing?
hey, thanks for coming out here, risking your neck for my boy.
is she safe?
the children over on the farm.
please dont die.  l was joking.
you dont drive even though youve license.
i kill you for this.
does it have an inside?
will you suggest if you know anyone?
why did you do all this?
youll pick up prints from half the damn city.
i can read her mind. so i know what she thinks of you.
i know what im doing.
someone attacked her!
is that what your father told you?
lets arrange his thread ceremony, bad thoughts will vanish on its own.
shes been better. i mean...
your friend  charlotte.
oh, they got him.
i already screwed up that chance long ago.
youre the most qualified to figure out if this mans telling the truth.
where were you when i was growing up?
and your path, no matter what you did or what you do, your path leads back to the island.
there has to be more to tell.
where are you from?
i customized the sedative to leave innerear function unimpaired.
wow, youre a happy little fellow, aint you?
all right, boys, weve still got cars inside the cones here.
and im transformed into someone who loves him.
want to know what the tattoos mean?
youkilis is headed for third base.
we have to get it right.
and at 1315 zulu time, we lost communications with san francisco and san diego.
i gotta ask myself if what im hearing isnt a desperate cry for the sweet release of death.
now im only gonna say it one more time  get in your car and leave!
i want you to look at something.
you should have heard the speech she gave that day.
the island disappeared. we all saw it, its gone.
slow down! i cant hearyou
she wanted to spend a day with you. she was gonna ask you to the spring formal.
believe me, nicholas, the only way to earn money, is hard work.
in this time of war, food is scarce.
you know, if youre not in the mood for my spaghetti we could always order in thai.
then why arent all smallvilles dead bodies rising from the grave?
i bought them. an hour ago.
the building is half empty.
im an acquired taste, martin.
i just lost the last job im ever gonna get in this town.
until that moment, he didnt exist.
manny wants me to ask you if youd like to escape the flood with us
..always protect women and children.
did you really think that you could doublecross me?
what a nice guy.
listen, do you mind excusing us for a little while?
come on, were late.
he wont make it till morning.
l am a genie.
not a he. dont ever forget that.
..that heal with time, but they leave a mark for life.
she shouldnt have.
do my ears deceive me or is clark kent actually suggesting a party?
you knew about us.
you renege now, and im going to gut you.
okay father, ill do as you say, father.
my son is still in there!
why are you doing this?
panduranga rao got us thrown out of village by humiliating my sister.
mom, are you all right?
oh, god forbid, man!
im not crazy.
blown up, just like we left it.
did you crunch the numbers, dad?
ive never seen such a mess.
go back to where we met. i need you to go there and find my mother.
and his dazzling ascent to the top of fine french cuisine has made his competitors envious.
give it to me.
i am never gonna get that image out of my head.
put it down.
im not, i...
so are you the avatar, aang?
no, i dont.
bella, theyre not even alive.
now, youve come to the point.
say again. over.
what if we ate?
youth... and beauty.
claires due in a little more than a week. maybe two.
you want everything quickly.
when its charlie, it must be the drugs.
well, some say its because the luthorcorp plant has contaminated the environment.
as many as it takes.
have you been nodding?
arms, take your last embrace!
whats done is done.
grunting  what are you, his attack dog?
im listening to charlie.
dont do that. you listen to me, i mean what i say. you understand?
i remember because they looked so happy.
i guess i earned myself some goodwill for finally drawing that map for ana.
ustad anjali ali khan.
people dont seem to look me in the eye here.
this airline sucks.
im sorry, dory, but i do.
fun, isnt she?
its been hours, and ive looked everywhere.
i know its, like, a one in three thousand chance, but i might get it.
nobody will rent it.
how are we gonna do this?
that was ben. that kid who was shot was ben.
i can tell. shell be ready in a minute.
thanks. thank you.
but... theres more.
which is why they offered me the gig, because i can link with tommys avatar.
she came like rain drop, and vanished into thin air,
call them now and tell them what you did!
oh, man. does dad know?
we push right up the gut, then.
you got a name?
my father and yours.
hey wat mine..wat urs..its written in gita!
since you seem to be worried about your plane,
...ends up going extinct...
what are we doing here, ana?
with only a slave to help you.
hurleys just a nickname i have, all right?
i just want you to be happy.
itll just take a minute...
there wasnt much money in the wallet.
because i was told to.
kelly, you dont have to put your plans aside to help your brother.
where have i seen this before?
good thing i was here.
see, i suffer from shortterm memory loss.
its much more beautiful than that. thats a moth cocoon. its ironic.
mandira, i should have read up on al qaeda before.
okay, alice, dont be a stranger.
i hate l.a.
lexs father offered him a new job.
you know, i was...
i really appreciate you coming by.
it appears to be an advanced form of napalm with chemical attributes similar to that of rocket fuel.
boar took your tarp?
i found you.
keep them back!
there are a lot of pretty girls in this town, zuko.
we strip it down, make it visceral and real.
all the three husbands passed away on their wedding night.
open this door!
anybody come to adopt us while we were out?
your parents deprive themselves to give you an education!
um, its 10 to 6, and we close at 6, so, hahaha...
you should stay here.
where is my money, you scoundrel?
i strongly feel that technology has to reach people beyond social and economic barriers.
i guarentee it their names will be written in gold
were finished here, sayid.
but i guess hes running late.
theres gotta be... theres gotta be something we can do.
i need it to be over.
you can do this.
what did you tell him?
can you taste that?
stuart, come in! what do you want, phil?
lets get that aircraft rolling.
fair are my wrists...
hes dead now, god rest his soul. uh, yeah, im like a  im a fishing fiend.
ramona, you are clear for airdrop.
cool, ok. great.
get out of here, tbag.
can a sari change the outlook so much?
dont you get it?
dont worry your secret is safe with me!
youre still nothing.
the convoys headed back to base camp.
my son has never been to goa.
let me go back to what you were doing, i might want to steal this,
maybe desmond can shed some light on this.
you had no business being in or.
i guess we were tired.
either go get him, or we should head back.
or perhaps, it is you selene
dont worry about me, papa.
which crashlanded on an island in the south pacific.
no, this is different.
are you kidding me?
no, i live on a farm.
i shouldnt have said all that...
that could be arranged!
you can do what he asked, or you can go, leave us to discuss our... issues.
youre this years scarecrow.
mr. weyland, i know that the network isnt your prime moneymaker.
my god, were too late.
cant it wait until then?
you seeing this?
well, how about this?
all right, all of you get up.
did you guys kill that thing?
but not this one.
it also means warning the people on the freighter that were suspicious of them.
almighty god, who by the death of...
please tell margo, edith and agnes to come to the lobby.
you gonna keep that nurse all to yourself?
im not gonna ask him, he himself will reveal, just a sec
theres something we gotta do.
well, just hope shes wrong about that.
hey, i ordered that guy to stop twice.
she, uh... coughs turns out she had a blood disorder.
and i knew that she had wanted him to be adopted,but i couldnt.
my heart sank, not because we were last but because our friend had failed!
well, now on my birthdays, they both give me checks, so it works out.
not you, but that dog.
hell, no, i aint!
and how do i know someone wont be waiting there to kill me?
they have come closer.
boss, you should take some risk in life!
all thats happening now is our faith is being tested.
about our secrets keeping us close?
16 hours, i need to land at l. a. x.
i am the flash.
thats ridiculous. now just calm down for a minute.
thats what i said..
youd really want to try?
go, go, go!
hustle it up, guys, come on.
my heads not in it.
but my mom doesnt.
has it occurred to you that sol and bender might have plans of their own?
fishorama.  mail order.
and dont sweat luthor.
you gotta call the police, hank.
dyou have the money for it?
do you have any ammo back at your camp?
of course he did. youre...
whats going on here?
yeah, yeah. yeah, im fine.
id rather have uncle tommy around instead of dad.
see that brown stain there?
whats going on there?
this is outrageous.
so i dont like it any more than you do but something had to be done.
cause i got work to do.
oh. aladin would do that?
jenny is our daughter.
god, she always had to be here?
heard some gunshots and saw two men throwing a bag over a womans head.
serve her pilaf.
dont let them bring her back, no matter what.
036, 8494, 914034,
one of the nicest little girls in the world.
youre a nut job. you heard nothing.
it is true. the time is ripe.
we need to figure out how were gonna survive here.
look, weve told you everything we know,
so what color cloak?
well, you kinda know shes in that mug shot.
after two days, she was delirious.
i want to close all my accounts.
where have you been for the last few hundred years?
hurley wait a sec. wait a sec.
so hes next, then.
hes a little preoccupied helping the birthday girl.
you remember the name of the town, dont you?
we have to go to class.
because we cant serve this!
i dont know. a couple months. i mean, my mom would pay you guys.
im not leaving him out here!
now, tell me why!
what they are goddamn after?
somebody had to have gotten into the car.
looks like arthurs taste.
because im not a leader.
now sing your do re mi.
do one thing, go to dubai and mind your business.
just... take the tray, or im going to shove it in there and you can eat it off the ground.
im not here to see your family drama.
oh, my god, security!
he had a quiet way about him a walk and a talk that just wasnt normal around here.
oh the brides bejewelled finery
blackburn, you okay?
you told me 100 on the phone.
ive read everything charles dickens has ever written.
where are we?
yes, he saved him from him.
everyone leaves me.
no more markus kane trying to track you down.
thats a good line.
i need a mag! eversmann, im out!
thank you for coming.
where are we going? youre going home and find yourself a suitcase.
bonds that bind the hearts together... bonds of passion...
we need to go.
hes getting attention.
what would you do?
theres things you need to think about if youre gonna be physically intimate.
minkowski wasnt answering.
its not that easy, fish.
national transportation safety board, oceanic hotline.
got to be some kind of a mistake, like an accounting error or...
how come you moved here...?
no. i know what i saw.
yeah, he is.
well enter his subconscious and find out what he doesnt want you to know.
please tell him sir, i need to take my mother to hospital.
my god, rose, theyve built a kitchen on the beach.
the others, theyre... theyre dead.
who shops at curvy girl?
we are not prepared for this!
walt is my responsibility too.
and on that table theres a huge cake...
its an oven in there.
i wanna go to bed.
she just started to cry.
well help him escape.
john i have a car outside.
youve been stealing stuff off of dead bodies, keeping it for yourself, using it to buy favors.
you could call it that.
its about her girl.
hey. hey, you hear that thing?
you see why agatha is so keen to help whitechapel?
perhaps another carrier...
i know. im sorry, clark.
is this supposed to be a secret?
but you loved him.
lux atlantic resort, this is cynthia.
yeah, whys that?
its just a mild concussion.
david, you unlocked part of their technology.
doc, is it all right if i have one of those first?
would you like me to move down a bit?
i said drop your guns.
hey, weve got a bar!
knights escaped. lets go.
i love you! god bless!
i think you need to seriously decrease your cappuccino dependency.
what if youve got it backwards?
what,babe, whats going on in that crazy head of yours?
but they worship me!
and then you buried him and left the grave marker?
you wanna explain what a dead bodys doing in your barn?
what a publicity.
dont say it...
i do beg your pardon.
whatever that is, i am not okay with it.
you live in there?
i need you to go there and find my mother! her name is
not like i did.
on a week day!
mo, because of me you too get scolded by dad.
whats the guaranty that youre telling the truth?
whatever you do, do not enter the water!
felt their blood on my arms.
how do you know?
who told you that?
our finest room, mademoiselle.
i switched on my antenna, activated the transceiver and then darkness.
at least recharge my phone on time.
he will always be one of us.
please, come forward.
i dont know what you want.
i dont want any part of this.
this is our victory dance.
all right, all right.
there were no survivors.
a speedball or a snowball or whatever the hell they call it.
in seconds she was a human torch, consumed before her horrified boyfriend.
hey, isnt that your dads car?
well, i guess that proves it...
youre not here!
are you from chakrapalem?
am i sorry for what i did?
he likes this gods eye and...
my parents said there are two kinds of people in the world
we dont even know that there is a spy.
theyre just pissing on us with out even a courtesy of calling it rain.
johannes merrimack the third, aka, fluffy joe.
wren, what the hell are you doing here?
i was here before the highway split this great valley.
my uncle.... ...he, uh...
that should have been our first kiss.
there were two ways to reach grasse.
youll get many jennys, but you get only one father.
see, hes swimming away.
then youll be out in plenty of time.
someone else has been using it.
its a cold night.
yes, trust. its what friends do.
the house should fetch a fine price, mr gray.
as soon as he ponies up the cash, i think hes gonna disappear for a very long time.
his son will soon inherit control of the corporation.
if you dont listen to me, ill get angry again.
to embrace my grandson.
come to the waterfront, south side.
im creating a perfume.
you guys got any milk?
i ran away from home.
what are you guys doing here still?
same one. believe me, i know.
you would probably move faster
..was handed this land, the country was enslaved.
i said, were moving on.
id call it a hallucination.
youve life, right?
our pancakes are the best.
im a true muslim.
i wasnt pretending anything.
im not sure how i feel about cassandra.
right down there.
guess which one you are?
you wind me up inside.
ill handle jatin.
just hand it to me.
and all my stuffs in about a hundred boxes.
yeah, it was right down the hall, actually.
have you seen me do anything to anyone?
sorry, prem. i couldnt say rahuls name.
lets say for the moment this blatch does exist.
take me home.
its gotta be just the people who already know.
that was a little absentminded.
were going on a bus ride, mr. chavez.
the key, my friend, is to not be picky.
but when the priest began the mantras..
the tracks are still fresh.
so this bigshot lawyer calls me longdistance from texas.
is not a lifestyle choice, bella.
we expected that, but the accident.
ok. i lied that youre my friend to impress her.
i like it a lot.
get your hands off her!
this is where i was gonna win so much glory that no roman would ever dare bring up his name again.
waiting for someone to come.
the martha stewart of matrimony.
give me my freedom.
go to the fucking switch!
you never did.
come on, please. i beg you.
yes, come on, lets go.
he used to come over and watch the super bowl.
im here. kill me.
hey, my turn to talk.
if were going to pull this off, we need to take one of them out.
watch them, and keep them away from me, please.
youve never rolled?
i dont blame them.
your options are still open.
for 6 centuries i was a loyal soldier of the vampire clan
what, new lures?
flynn shared them with me.
you wore it well.
please remove all jackets, sweaters,
look,im sorry i couldnt do nothin.
donkey... can i borrow your tongue?
i must see happiness in my brotherinlaws eyes.
hey. im really sorry about your father.
ladies and gentlemen, the president of the united states
... maybe you should teach me.
john i cant talk to you about my work, alicia.
full on kiosk.
if i had a heart, heart, heart
sir harry has always had an incredible grasp of the obvious.
you sound different.
when youre rich and untouchable like he is, you do things to make yourself feel alive.
you always stay close to me.
little help! little help!
im not dying
okay, thats good, man.
ill be looking at you... when youre laid on the cross, and the twelve blows are crashing down on your limbs.
when your code of silence finally gives way to fear of trafficking in cigarettes to prevent sexual enslavement i just want you to know that its gonna be me who tells you to go fuck yourself.
speak of the fucking devil.
youre gonna have to face your fears...sooner...or later
it was a big misunderstanding.
your body has done a lot of healing.
do you do it because people are watching you,
what? are you sure its hers?
they just think its a rebound.
were moving you over to statesville.
howd you get up here...?
bunch a limp dick science majors.
happy birthday sajid!
l was born in kabul.
even our dads dont pay us enough money.
it is so large, in fact, prognosticators are already casting her as the favourite in the presidential race.
this lovable lug taught us you dont have to change your undies to change the world!
before you go on about this,
we got to get to that crash site!
make her life partner.
theres no record of any faraday ever having been employed here at oxford.
take your beer.
because you might be the only two mammoths left on earth.
i dont think i have ever seen you angry.
friendships a fairy tale, clark. respect and fear are the best you can hope for.
decided to stay friends.
im sorry, ive just arrived, and i spent all my american money on a taxi.
dory, you have to tell everybody to...
probably american. now, there is a father... looking for his little boy.
we have confirmed reports of combatready divisions
leave him out of this.
you dropped it! that was my only chance of finding my son.
i dont know...
fix my gun.
hey raju it was a big confusion whether we should control our friend or wipe his mothers tears then we thought to leave all these matter, and lets concentrate on mattar paneer now,
let us out!
so let me make it easy...
i knew youd be devastated.
ok? shh. its ok.
stay low, stay low!
im not his grand daughter, she is.
mrs. shrike, forgive me but... if you noticed anyone hanging around my apartment?
why?  just turn left and see.
hes dumb, he cant read or write, hell not be of any help to you.
ill pluck out your eyes.
nobody can know.
cos he deserved to die.
we have an indigenous population of humanoids called the navi.
i was hoping you would now.
youll wake john.
and whatever we find there, there our system will grow!
i have no doubt theyre monitoring our communications. if we call jack
mama look at my painting...
they killed her.
go ahead, go ahead.
going to cover pattern.
i know what its like to hold on to someone.
whip something up.
tour hasnt started and youve started it already.
im saving it.
im your best chance.
its the only room sitting on top of that pipe.
i dont know.
now hes too punctual for you?
ok, the drop off.
they got these guys, theyre trying to go upscale.
well well go get aaron, well put our heads together, and well figure something out.
there are no limits to the ugliness of old men.
i can tell you that much.
does he know where it is?
dear father, ive committed a crime. ln the flow of my emotions..
she said you could go back inside if you want to.
so, are you planning on asking chloe or not?
not anymore, john.
i cannot wait to marry you, jack shephard.
what about the nurse, this amanda?
he follows from the god he prays to the paste he uses.
... ifyoumakeany furtherinquiries...
youve called me friend.
highly sophisticated friends!
jack, i know this isnt...
ill take him!
the watchtowers just right over the hill.  grunts
nobody just disappears.
i have you.
your moms not going to find out.
no, this is not healthy.
the tenheaded raavan
not for an old crook like me.
why wouldnt i?
im not, uh... feeling very well.
now he needed a new project.
damn it. damn it. damn it.
and theres nothing you can do to stop us.
no rama rao or nageshwara rao, go away.
look at me fully domesticated.
we all pack up stakes for the caves next day a plane passes by theyre gonna go on their merry way and be none the wiser.
i assumed youd say no.  student government is such a public thing.
look, mom, i drew a picture of me landing on the moon!
i didnt bring you out here to be a tackling dummy.
so i started to wonder why that was. and as time went on, it only got worse.
thank god youre here.  lex, lex.
what about the package?
shes not alone.
what are you doing here?
you can see the ocean from  i dont wanna see the ocean.
somebody get a doctor!
hes wearing a suit.
hey, goldberg, you kidding me?
you ever get lonely?
his name was goodwin.
we need the 10th mountain in there. everything they got.
and that curse became the aim of that girl.
how do you know so much about us?
in your arms, i spend my dawns.
and you dont have the right to end it.
i like puzzles.
i thought it might have something to do with... a transmission we picked up on a receiver... a recording, a mayday with a french woman repeating on a loop for 16 years.
you think all the girls in delhi are dead... that he will be in love with me?
you suddenly give a damn about me?
i go back tonight,
come on, man, itll be fun.
nows not a good time, sayid.
i told you!
doesnt matter. hes gone.
its not that simple.
this is the question of rs.5000.
ld like a table.
get treated like a dumb animal long enough, thats what you become.
so, we have given up.
wed have taken chaperoned strolls and iced tea on the porch.
im sayid jarrah, one of the oceanic six.
its his den where he sleeps.
same with the well and the generator.
we mined nonmetallic minerals.
you know, mr. wadia?
if you dont do it for your life, then you do it for katrina.
im gonna get some respect!
i guess its all relative, huh?
i am very, very grateful to you.
i saw the way you were looking at my dad yesterday.
the elders ofthe house choose their daughterinlaw.
all right. um, can i have a word with her?
and, uh, you know... that leaves you and mike.
how did it happen?
and if you leave this place that knowledge is gonna eat you alive from the inside out until you decide to come back.
when the baby is out, make sure she clears its nose and its mouth.
aare leave it yaar..get a new one aare it cost 4 lakhs..... 4lakhs!
now take me to her body.
he was a good friend, good marine.
i know how they think.
were going to do everything we can.
lm not talking to you.
i appreciate what youve done here, but this isnt a fortress.
typhus is so awful.
my parents still think it was an act of rebellion.
im called guern.
theyre preparing to fire their primary weapon!
alu, before i whack you..
im guessing not the redneck.
and she forced me to marry tony.
as you can see, we are the living example.
you and shannon, you guys have been trying to figure out some of this stuff, and i was wondering what... you guys figured out about this stuff?
i was wondering if you um, if you could  keep an eye on my boy.
you set up the lighting, ill start after that.
im going to kill that scum. you wont.
i got trapped in my own ploy.
im not trying to make excuses, but i did some things im not proud of.
you want to know whats real?
i can still see him now, riding away for the last time.
i was feeling sick before the movie.
you were injured.
im going after that ship.
i bet youre real tired.
i actually wanted to talk to you about something else.
clark, what are you doing?
ashish, hurry up.
thats what im worried about.
he didnt come to see me.
everyone is invited, especially youknowwho.
his death was an accident, henry.
well be back before dark.
well, this isnt the back of it.
you must get used to being looked at.
we can use a mirror. kate can hold it.
getting distress calls, sending squads out.
if youre here to torture jacob some more, feel free to leave.
so we won the money.
well let you know as soon as we know anything.
it is clearing the mountains, moving too slowly to be a comet or meteor.
magician never tells his secrets.
he just laughed at me.
my wife she loves mayonnaise.
no doubt you were otherwise occupied.
ill try and bring you some fruit later on.
call me when youre looking for a summer job. ive got friends over at the inquisitor.
i buried a lot of people, hurley.
were not gonna catch it before arklow.
where is it hidden?
who you talking to?
like you say, should we lead that king, that officer frazer..
you were in a car accident and you were brought into my hospital.
and if i see you again, itll be extremely unpleasant for us both.
dead is dead.
got it going on.
we will win!
the real work will your metamorphosis into her evil twin.
well, what am i supposed to tell him?
help! you cant eat me!
can you turn it off?
you mean you cant keep lying to her, or you cant stand the way she makes you feel because youre lying to her?
i just lost the woman i love. i cant be his father.
no. no. no!
you got so fa...
would you be willing to swear before a judge and jury with your hand on the good book and take an oath before almighty god himself?
hell, yeah.  hang on, shaggy.
first rounds on me tonight.
okay, senor aarush. all the best for your honeymoon.
he didnt go easy.
i enjoy the flavor that they have.
what are you doing down here?
no, i wont hold!
i find it incumbent that you see the inside of a prison cell.
weve to arrange the money quickly.
how are those boneyard visits going with that girlfriend of yours?
you looking at my bum?
nothing of major concern.
its back this way. come on.
you heard me.
you have to get out of that apartment. practice more.
they found us.
we were worried when you didnt get back, so we went out to the cockpit and tracked you from there.
even that would be good.
i was already seven months pregnant.
sleep so little and still look so good.
how do you know she hasnt snapped his?
if her team is with jacks group, they know were going to the barracks.
weve called child services, but theyre understaffed and cant come until tomorrow at the earliest.
its me chari.
we shouldnt just give up on this!
who are you?
virus ineffective. disengage.
you remember the training.
dont dare to touch the bag.
youve gotta get off the boat now!
actually, everyone at my workplace thought... hes my boyfriend.
what if it is my destiny, to outlive everyone that i love?
now, as my deputy, youll be in charge of all tracking and finding of villains, utilizing your welldeveloped injunuity, no offense taken.
these arent times.
im going to sister.
what are you doing down here?
because your father already has it mapped out for you?
i wasnt asking for permission. edward?
well, i thought we might get together, do something?
youre waiting for a train.
l want to say something to you...
the trouble is, i think comtron talked the sheriff into letting them check out the car.
thats the thing about clark kent.
he wants 500 francs to strip the body.
its not okay, alu.
now, thats an idea to kill me.
five, six, seven hundred.
well, im sure sara will have recovered by then
but from your end be fully prepared.
he stole some guns and he went all commando.
im surprised those animals dont kill each other with more regularity.
how dare you?
theyll crush you instantly.
didnt think itd be that easy convincing your pal to give it up.
you dont see a lot of cowboys though
and if he still doesnt want to tell us, well move on to the roast beef.
we fucking killed it.
ever since i won the lottery with those numbers.
now that sounds like fun.
i think most of them realise it was an accident, ana.
but now im refusing.
lets go. lets go. come on.
re, just take mine!
she comes highly recommended from halliburton.
your orders were to exterminate that woman.
dont do it.
where were u?
i dont know why, grandma.
why wouldnt he listen?
she keeps repeating it whether her son listens to it or not.
you want to wait here.
at first, ego thinks its a joke.
lets the girls get some sleep. you and i will keep watching.
we were on a plane,and then there was who told youto get on a plane?
well, sometimes she wakes up, thinks shes 3, wants to know where her dolly is.
chest trauma. no breath sounds.
for now, say where to go.
why do you have to do this?
i gotta fly. well talk about this later?
you know what, i dont deserve this.
no, thatthats impossible.
call up on this number quickly..
if you dont like how i do this, you can come down here
if you dont move soon, ill start to decompose.
im not letting you go. i dont want to be let go.
at the end of the world where the lions weep.
remember the guy who came in yesterday, looking for shoes?  no.
watch now, ill bite his neck to death.
how long have you been waiting to hear me say those words?
its ok, its ok.
way too common.
since he couldnt attend his own victory party, he asked me to take pictures.
but what could we do?
whatever you need to do...
hey buddy, i knew you will surely solve my money problem.
no one needs to get hurt.
just like you had your lawyers check up on me.
most new guys hardly even play.
you gotta turn here!
solineilson ...individual ambition serves the common good.
im not sure about the ending.
i love jokes.
i know things got kind of nasty down there at the beach.
i had to. he had me...
and im really, really done talking about this.
im sorry, priya, i cant help you this time.
i want to know what the hell this thing is doing in my lake?
friends? i dont see no friends.
she asked us to fill out a comment card.
i hoped so.
im sure if you look hard enough, you could find a reason why michael scofields presence is no longer required at this particular correctional facility.
ill send sir harry your regards.
i passed you?
enlightenment. we are nothing without it.
then where is he?
yeah, that would be neat.
her name is ana lucia.
his intentions are right.
youre forming a search party.
always got jokes, dont you, stav?
you sure about that, stu?
flesh, picked off the dead ones!
i shouldnt be talking about him.
four men took it over and opened the safe.
im gonna kill you.
in your holy book, the bhagwat gita..
theyre organised, methodical
have you ever considered a career in the air force?
this doesnt make any sense.
face it. if youre not in this band, what the bloody hell use are you?
this is a picture of him 12 years ago.
how long she has been maintaining the lover?
id very much like to hear your story.
i understand that but you gotta understand this.
im done waiting.
previously on lost
thats not your concern.
... fora longtimetocome .
so, what are you saying, i attract flies?
let me see how you will escape from me today.
no ones going anywhere with you, john, because theyre not crazy.
its pretty clean.
the flashes... throw the clock off.
now, go! hurry!
would i take money from you, sir?
if you want to live, tie yourself up
it wont work.
i feel awkward enough as it is.
it seems my wife is with child.
... andbefreetodo what they wanted with other men.
no, the other part.
any old unlicensed iron down there?
i just have to figure out the right way to say it.
what do you think... do whatevething you got to do, man.
the police and the us marshals are looking for you.
if were supposed to open it, why havent we opened it yet?
id been living in a hall of mirrors.
they could see im still human.
if he wakes them, were dead.
well, afternoon, martha.
all that noise from this tiny critter.
okay. i wanna negotiate my own condition.
i wouldnt be surprised if hes out there... in the harbor waiting for you right now.
bury him alive, boss.
terminal island penitentiary hosts three days of the ultimate in auto carnage.
watch his head.
i need a gun, and you dont get to ask why.
i look forward to resuming our verbal judo.
claudius marcellus, my old friend, and the esteemed legate of the sixth legion.
i seen you around the caves lately.
youve drunk deeply of everything and it hasnt left a fleck on you.
this is not checkmate.
sir im very close sir pls take a look at this sir please..
i promise papa... that i will always keep the family name flying high.
i went to your barn!
we need a viable suspect.
still he gets sick.
dont you see the way they look at us?
see you, james.
there are several pressure plates that, when activated, can give a fighter access to a variety of weapons.
you got it.
cause you got to find her.
we shut and locked the door, but...
and close the goddamn door!
hes confessed to everything.
theres someone out there!
you wanted to speak with me.
you all right?
rod green from marketing.
youre looking gorgeous, baby. beautiful.
i thought youd go away if i tell about my brother, so i lied.
ive written to the marquis accepting his proposal and marriage on your behalf, and requesting that it take place as soon as possible.
minestrikes still loose.
that injured man... that was no gunshot.
no, it was here.
heres your cashiers check, sir.
my dad says its not safe.
i didnt have to help you!
you made a mistake.
its what pays for your science. comprendo?
jeanbaptiste grenouille... shall be bound to a wooden cross... with his face raised towards heaven!
and it didnt take much to figure out the rest.
i need to tell you something.
he wants to know how youre sure his wife is off the island.
he wont take care of himself. you have to go after him.
were gonna have to call it guys, were not allowed to run night ops.
oh, great! perfect. lets trust this guy.
how would you know?
its for the hatch.
yeah, i got to get going.
i feel fine.
and ive booked a car for you. ferrari.
even i hate alcoholics.
but cravens lust for power and domination had failed
well, it has nothing to do with the way jim runs his rig.
aman i swear...
there, all better.
where the hells the island?
but i thought we were fighting...
mama jennys elder son, james..
but he lost hope.
thank you for sticking up for me yesterday.
theres no handle.
ok, ill pay for driving lessons.
hes getting married today.
im sure they have had their meals before coming...
i told you to stay out of this.
you like it?
as a medical student, i want to know how...
whats going on?
ok... so, whats gonna happen is we will go up there.
ive failed you and ive disgraced the corporation.
what have you worn?
what are you doing there?
get up those stairs.
why are you back?
giggling   angrily  i see you!
you gonna move this or what?
you fell for her, huh?
do you know what the variables in these equations are,jack?
100, 150 pounds each.
who is it?
i know youre cold, baby.
surgery started at 800.
nothing more to say. im leaving priya.  wait.
that its all part of the same subject.
why dont you try sea urchin?
did he tell you what were supposed to do?
for a long time, i carried so much pain and anger it was actually destroying their memory.
without fear of reprisal.
are we in any danger from this comet?
welcome, brother sharkbait.
i got a team of folks throwing together a big sign down along the beach.
was there anything else in that station?
im going to goa.
why did you call me here urgently?
and then, one day, the boy confessed to me that he had beaten his dog to death with a shovel.
we could use something to send a distress call to any ship that might be close. like an sos.
oh. you dont speak english. sorry.
sir, you have defiled and desecrated the very sustenance of our livelihood!
theres candy in the minibar and a hundred channels on tv.
nandini is our best friend..
this is hot andy!
clark, are you all right?
did you say anything about margina? food?
well, everything but us. all of it. its gone.
ill be outside.
i got a hot rat cooking.
all right, which one of you fellers needs a checkup?
these belong to all of us, sawyer. to the group.
good memories i hope.
this is very bad juju right here.
and what are they gonna do to the people with him?
mans got a right to protect property.
because a lot of other clownfish had their eyes on this place.
tell all the fish to swim down!
weve had him locked up for three days.
he jumped on me. he grabbed me.
the un has called an emergency sitting in an attempt to establish a means for sharing resources and intelligence across the globe.
i know that, wiseass.   gear shifts
yes, you do. yeah, you do.
so the centaur says, thats not the half im talking about.
heres the egg you ordered.
thats the last place i want to be.
whats your name, man?
best wishes in advances on my behalf.
in fact as a child i was so honest..
i just hate hospitals.
they were fabulous together.
i cant believe were actually going. um, heh
i love you, too.
is there something you still need..
to come with cameras.
ready to give us a name, gizmo?
you deserve me.
ive invited top businessmen industrialist and politicians in asia.
what, am i boring you?
there she is.
my guess is that your powers arent coming back.
you bring him in here right now.
were blocked by the mountain.
jin! we have to go back!
brought you a change of clothes.
we saw your underpants.
im putting it on the roof.
i do apologise if i offend.
you owe me. you dont wanna pay me?
i was just thinking about you... and the kids and... the sun came up and i thought...
with the new folks joining us, we better limit peoples access to the guns.
so how long do i have?
please dont stop them.
because one wrong answer...
to get closer to you.  what have you told him?
katie, what did you come here for?
no. well, then this is kind of awesome for you, huh?
dont leave me.
..that i would get beaten up everyday for something.
thought youd be posing for ice sculptures by now.
yum. i figured people are starting to get tired of eating boar meat.
give me a cigarette.
vishal, thats enough!
..of the lift and delayed me from reaching to you, similarly..
i am sorry.
whats going on here?
what i was worried about was that she might find this little box...
we dont get involved, right? thats what you said.
fixing the break room.
come on. give me the baby.
listen, we cant get rid of the baby ourselves.
did that fool tell you that?
wait for me. i dont know how long...
you cant drive anywhere.
did i ever get scared?
otherwise i will throw you in the shower!
fake child. fake husband. fake house.
she was 91 .
hold it tight
youre officially my first visitor.
sayid, can i talk to you?
..you wont starve to death.
take a guess. dory oh, oh.
if you want ill speak in any indian language.
in a small town like this, what people think about you matters. i know.
a long tiring journey, rizvan.
brother! machirajus phone  switch on the speaker.
that was lukes attitude, too.
what stuff can you do?
isnt this your shindig?
listen, this is going to be my project.
do you expect me to believe that?
this diary is the way to her heart.
your work is being affected!
l pledge that my subjects and their happiness..
nikkis last answer!
what else are you hiding aarush?
this here must be your daughter.
but i dont have what i need.
lisa? you sound terrible. are you ok?
talk about what?
please take their contact details.
he died because of you.
during the autopsy?
hard earned money is not helping me...
hey, agent orange, you wanna put that down?
he said that you werent who you said you were.
why are you out here, doc?
why did you suddenly remember us?
hes gotta follow the rules,
dory p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney.
whats her name, gabriela?
it always does...
i swear, i dont know anything about level 3.
dont tell me this thing flies.
and only the avatar can go speak to them.
just bottle the emotions a little more, ok?
i love jenny.
no! no! stay away from there!
well get you back here asap.
i need to go home.
see you when you get back.
you know, im not like a car that you can fix up.
kitt, you there?
help me take my mind off things.
how do they find all these things?
i brought you a white rose.
i think we found another missing castaway.
you broke your promise.
god, i love it.
give em a smack, throw em on the line and write em up.
the only prayer i have to the lord is that... the man you marry must love you even more than i do.
so, shut your mouth, and keep moving.
thirty kilometres to beacon.
you go out.
you and nell are still fighting.
your troops are across enemy lines.
well, hell be fine. but not in this army.
even if they were mean to him.
hey tar! take the vehicles.
i dont think youd believe me if i did.
i thought those guys had the fullon perimeter set up.
on the way to the funeral,
wasnt he supposed to have a knee operation?
then do one thing.
michael knight, an independent driver in a black transam.
oh god hang on...
your name is written here with jenny.
i cant leave you in problem.
im so proud of you, son.
talk in planguage and everyone will get it...
yes, dance like a chicken!
mandira. mandira, i have made a list of places..
well, you found me.
just you and me in a nutshell.
this room should be directly below 528?
because im me.
and ill leave nothing undone in order to achieve it.
im just gonna give it to you?
lf i hadnt seen her, zoe would be dead!
not that, but i feel bad that sam will never know his father.
im losing myself since i met you.
sent me here.
leroy playing a little too rough for you?
why would kate poison michael?
you gonna clue me in, paisan?
i was trapped under that blast door.
since the night i stopped danton black.
i am your brother, i would never do anything to hurt you, but my friends, if you do not do what i ask, they will burn this church to the ground.
lowered voice stop staring and tell me what your damn problem is.
ill be at the shore.
did nell put you out on the street?
and at the end of every day, every single piece better match up, or youre all going to the hole.
how would you know?
i just wish i could control this.
i got the appendix out
no. you were right, your life is over.
guess i would have made the evening report, huh?
and if your heart doesnt give you any answers close your eyes and think of your parents.
stay here with him.
whats it say, peach?
whered you get that?
tanis, i see your aim hasnt improved
guess old steve drew the short straw.
i havent slept in a year.
so go back, be the doctor. let me be the hunter.
jack where were you?
thats my girl.
who falls out of a chopper or why.
what about everyone else they took?
if theres any hope...its that way
once we get to the beach, were gonna take the zodiac around the other side of the island and rest.
that means bob and my bosss daughter.
so, do something then. do something!
thats okay, will you tell my brother or shall i tell about us?
to be half of a whole?
picked it up at grossens, top of the line.
there is one thing we could try.
dont mess around.
my hands were wet after splashing water on my face.
i am fine,sarah.
this is sister anushkas phone.
jodi, thats terrific.
i didnt know all this about him.
you sold him a spot?
when were you in limbo?
in my train, there were some goons. they were taking 25 kidnapped girls to goa.
we got in a storm. we were forced under the water of the ocean.
what the hell was that?
i wont say a goddamn word.
but you remember this
we can find a way to coexist.
jack, how did you find me?
... outofmy mind.
time waste, no time waste.
all right. just keep doing that.
i dont know what youre saying.
you are tired, you need to sleep.
im sorry i bothered you.
ignore pete, hes just the funny guy.
well, why didnt she want us to know?
lets take a walk.
i guess the demise of john abruzzi was greatly exaggerated.
whats going on here?
option a, theyre trying to get us closer so they can use one of us against the other.
if i did that, you wouldnt have a choice.
but i doubt pipes and knives are goanna do the trick.
i didnt do anything to him.
by the way, uncle, membership to our club is open.
when i have my angel with me whats to be scared, right?
area secure sir
patient is a criminal suspect!
all you gotta do is go home, get a good nights rest.
follow this red blood.
to spend an evening watching old movies with you, cisco,
is it up your sodding arm? im clean.
one is headed towards los angeles, the other two are headed towards new york and washington, dc.
mind if i take a look?
dont make me come in after you.
if youre a pupil of mine, and im starting instruction... youll have plenty of air for eons to come!
the people say, eywa will provide.
look at me.
yes, you in the naughty nurses outfit was really something.
but they came around when they realized that we all want the same thing.
at our place, were having sausage, turkey and chestnuts.
hurley, what happened?
i cant deliver this baby.
guys, knock it off!
give her a chance.
lets just go find lori and janet. no, no, not that.
im not sure.
i am sorry!
can you prove that?
its got a zipper.
how are we supposed to do that?
i want to talk to him.
hi, how are you?
hes the top man in new york.
why dont you just pull your gun and shoot me?
ive been drinking scotch.
this, no one knows.
do you stay here only?
we are not gonna die.
well, you know, im not daves doctor, but we have talked about how he can be a very negative influence.
hey, loser, stop hitting on my girlfriend, all right?
you think im trying to convince you youre someone youre not?
this is charles widmores boat?
thatll never work.
locke said he was gonna bring you back, but...
on radio another missing hiker brings the total to three presumed dead.
and your daughter claire... is alive.
gotta get somethin.  not with the money.
you have to think about the little one now, yeah?
whatever, man. i dont mind being in the middle.
youll have to excuse me if im a little short on trust at the moment.
i wanna ask you something.
and maybe you can bring down the guys who killed your boyfriend in the process.
this isnt some empty emotional quest. its about finding the truth.
im going to miss you. i...
..what i say is true.
lets get you to a hospital.
you need to listen to what she says.
sarah,can you hear me?
here, now make sure they eat up! here, now make sure they eat up! here, now make sure they eat up!
im not gonna answer them.
your fathers lab is made of heavy metal, even 100 kgs of rdx cant break it open.
im gonna get your dog back as soon as it stops raining.
your candidate has gone.
dr. rosen. im a psychiatrist.
whats with you? you know i loved your dad.
im never getting out of smallville.
i, uh... i dont know who that is.
no such thing as easy time in the hole.
okay. okay, wait.
you seen my baggy sweatshirt, the one with the bulldog on it?
it has to seem selfgenerated.
they just nooke the city, and you run away for
i will take care of tony permanently.
you were supposed to make the list and then bring her in.
hes doing very well as a small business investor.
l need him now!
youll get me killed
not mayapuri again... what a day of calls, autographs, photographs, bouquets, smses.
and then ill be one of you, and hell hate me forever.
i think he should go with the girl burro!
is there a choice...?
have you announced it?
dont you people realize we are swimming in our own...
its just what?
what did she do?
lts a bet.
now who else can i talk to?
what do you want?  what do i want?
yeah. i had a feeling he was gonna attack lana again.
do they have a weight problem?
do you know what his name was?
before steadman was killed,
is there such a thing as evil?
i dont give a shit what you got to do.
one, two, three, breath.
but his bugs could have been.
but i cant go back.
is jenny dearer than father?
i got scared showed me this pen he said this is a symbol of excellence i give it to u and the day when u get a extraordinary student like u pass this pen to him from 32 year viru shastrabhuddi is waiting for the next viru shastrabhuddi
i promise ill explain.
i know im a redneck, but a bow and fucking arrow? who the fuck does that?
i need you to send a unit to the house at the end of light road as soon as possible.
but what i really feel... is gratitude and pride because of what he did to me.
oh, there is my signal right there, and hopefully, well get the signals from the rest of the team soon.
find the girl bring her to me
i thought you were into this, all your astrology stuff.
ok, im sorry, i... lts...
come out! your pupil is amazing! whats going on?
i ever tell you that?
id say we were chosen.
you really dont remember,do you?
but tell me what you want my child.
hes been right about everything so far.
bruno, who told you it was a farm?
and then nemos dad... he swims out to the ocean, and they bump into three ferocious sharks.
when charles widmores men came, they gave me a choice.
youre not a writer.
i made coffee through desert storm.
well, pick an auspicious moment at dusshera and kill this raavan
this is the los angeles police department.
wheels up in 15 minutes.
you are such a lifesaver, clark.
okay, i just have this horrible nightmare that youll rush to the bus station after whitney leaves and profess your undying love for lana, and ill be waiting at the gym alone.
i suspect she wont be pleased to see you.
is there something i should know?
just hanging out with a friend. could you take me home?
excuse me. pardon me.
not the tv, travis!
no, im fine with this, thank you.
yes, i know. but what if there are survivors?
all right, get him in there!
... andhewassittingnear ourtable with two other officers?
you wont. you dont care.
just a minute.
i just interviewed an extremist in a kabul prison last year.
have you thought whatll happen..
fine, then well make the turn at the next siding.
oh, i got that.
then id guess you want to escape. tunnel under the wall, maybe.
lfl make him mine hell steal my heart
so is this how you treat a woman?
i can still feel how proud i was.
im still waiting on those wind speeds.
and when they fly away the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up does rejoice.
were gonna get this done.
hey, this wasnt my fault. so put me to work.
that was an airplane.
..who in the year 1872, along with king gyanendra..
once i receive confirmation of funds received,
give him a cigarette if he does. okay.
jack. im desmond.
you get me a plane, ill get you fibonacci.
i believe in deciding things will be good luck.
yes a clever deception but one viktor was hardly willing to put to the test
how did you say yes?
things have changed since we last met.
im totally confused.
why are you after him?
well, then, where do you want to go?
you dont know.
those necklaces are junk, sawyer.
it was a dumbfuck thing to do.
purge yourselves of artificiality.
you gotta find janet.
im being held against my will.
ill be living there.
i couldnt figure out why youre so resistant to accept my help then i had a friend do some digging.
and theres something you need to understand.
thanks for coming back for me.
whatever issues lionel luthor has with his son have now cost half the town their jobs.
what are we, a couple miles inland?
small miracle you only broke the one leg, joe.
mans got no shaving cream, hes got to improvise.
because i talk too much.
shut up and fly straight!
we had a fight.
are you joking?
half a mile, out.
you put me on this boat, talked me into blowing it up, and when i push the damn button, a flag pops up.
i dont know if you cant see whats going on, or if you just dont want to but cobb has some serious problems that hes tried to bury down there.
light of the sun be with you, brother.
there goes my computer!
hey, im talking to you.
didnt you guys shoot a polar bear last week?
is this your little brother?
had an inhaler?
i still remember the astrologer saying that... you fought destiny to be born.
entire world dances on his steps.
the truth, mr gray, is that every impulse we strangle only poisons us.
im gonna just hang back here and find us some breakfast!
i thought you said there were 23 of you.
its not my fault youve got a weirdo for a sister.
it was dark, but, yeah, pretty sure it was a boar.
he even named a day for my death?
i watch news.
i wasnt hiding.
cant you see that i am in the middle of a pep talk?
oh, now im back in your good graces, father?
awaken, awaken, awaken.
ill take it!
cobb! cobb, did we miss it?
youll get your chance.
hey, doc, you got a second?
clark, do you have the time?
..just like my brother did for so many years?
oh, that was sweet.
because i am weak.
i got the shrink ray, all right.
we traveled with you all day... now you coming with us at night!
frank, running in reverse. how are you gonna gauge our gap distance?
knowing your situation requires you keep a low profile, mohammed, ...weve brought the mountain to you.
now, the native americans must have developed some sort of herbal antidote and these are the instructions.
and you won my heart by lying to me.
so stars wars just came out.
so why dont we get on that sub and get you and your men some real weapons?
there it is!
you said you were gonna be more responsible. its time to grow up.
lets see where they are.
come with me and change your destiny.
separated family will reunite.
hes calling backup. get out!
beer, sun and naked hunnies making out under water!
this is all i could get on short notice.
can you do that?
have you managed to contact his parents yet?
i have a very important announcement to make.
do you know how?
the sherrif has declared an emergency.
leticia, thanks for coming..
youre safe now.
were trying to avoid being a scarecrow.
he works hard to earn money.
im gonna need you to show me.
it was a tour de stade.
zhao has no sacredness.
and those with respect..
hey, whats up, lincoln?
theres your goddamn score!
im familiar with surgical instruments.
if chef fancy pants had any ideals, you think id be hawking barbecue over here?
im not coming back here.
do either of you remember crashing?
you dont get to come back from that. not even here.
its sort of scary having a hole in the house... dont you think?
long as nobody sabotages this one as well, huh?
when i was her age, i had such bad skin.
im not tying him up.
the three of you live here?
that hostile that shot the kid? he came back.
you can keep one of them locked up in the hatch for a week and say nothing, but then when i...
bitch lives four blocks away.
why did you stop like that?
priya, lets go somewhere else.
the others took over these barracks and wiped out most of the people living in them.
he can run!
whatever it is, im not interested.
because i had to consider it once.
just, you know, thought itd be a good idea.
all right, gang.
you think im a prostitute?
where is your genie?
get used to it.
lex, cant you see she was sent to distract you?
its just not for everyone.
how longs he been down there?
well discuss the details after class.
i hunt alone.
let me try to talk them out.
dont you think its weird that two of the people nick saved are dead?
more than any other con here.
hey, its the doctor!
of course he didnt tell the press that bare minimum of expense is a fairly loose term.
im having a hair crisis.
youre anton ego.
i couldnt hurt her like that.
where are you, crows nest?
how many girls can i love?
you get your care package? yeah.
pull him over!
im sorry, father, but ive got some bad news.
they always think they can run away.
and poor old basil...
i feel a kinship with you, charles.
lex, are you gonna come to bed?
today im proud to be a computer hacker.
well, maybe were just not cool with you setting up your own little patriot act, man.
its too risky.  quite right.
but i cant do anything unless i get to the portal.
clark, now that youre finally spinning in my orbit i have a couple of pertinents for you too.
i hope so.
yeah, thats it. did you ever have that?
hed love to.
right. like im not mature enough to deal with this?
so... youre saying the dog was your sister?
no, man. youre still too shook up.
hey, mr. fitz.
for alison, or for being a jerk? both.
stop your silly doubts.
i knew from the first time we discovered you were a bender, that one day, i would realize your destiny.
hi, im sheriff forester.
it all seems to add up.
look at her...
clark, what are you doing here?
exhales i have never met anyone more prone to lifethreatening idiocy.
um, tell me again why were doing this here when theres a dryer in the hatch?
we should talk to them.
and i do hope you know that i mean that.
what about life now?
i found another hatch.
i dont need that island anymore, the doors will never open again.
no. i am sure its nice.
system failure.  and that number there
you werent next, he was. it wasnt destined at all.
oh, man, you used to be so fierce!
i wasnt surprised.
this is the only way to save them.
what? no, no, no.
but she would say that it wasnt real and that id made it up.
sanjay singhania... short term memory loss.
michael, i dont think its likely that shell meet you alone. i know.
and hell, five guns are better than four.
they wanted to keep the route confidential.
without victory, there can be no peace.
okay, let me think about it, cause i like your persistence.
im gonna need the slave to hold you down.
its really pretty.
we did it because these people were dealing with wont stop until were dead.
i got the words, im just working on the melody right now. its like a...
thats what bernard always says.
narad said, either do tarnish that girl..
i left you out of it the day i met you.
excuse me. i will just come.
and, lips, o you, the doors of breath,
ill worry about the doctors... and michael long.
yeah, were ok.
icecaps are melting, war in the middle east,
drop the gun! down, boy!
why are you following me?
be right with you.
youre doing something productive.
buy some worthless old boat and fix it up new.
this is a huge opportunity.
im moving as fast as i can.
her and muhammad headed into the woods.  which way?
dad, i understand what its like to be hidden from the world.
theres just one condition though, john.
youre reading the diary of a 17yearold girl.
how much are roses?
well, let me school you.
and i want you to give a lecture on antismoking.
i thought there wasnt anything that you could do.
i just came to take him so you could have your walk.
next time we see each other, im not gonna recognize you.
hes on the island.
we better get back to camp.
how could they have known we were coming for the tape?
ive done whats necessary to survive
thats the idea, anyway.
hi, i need dr. rosen. is he in?
scofields father was out of the picture by the time he was born.
i should be thoroughly repulsed.
do an octopus. dramatic instrumental music dog barks
so basically wat ure saying is i must go to each ones room onebyone n say results in their ears!
and were being completely rude. hi.
are you working for him?
its kind of hard when your backyards a crime scene.
uh, my granddad used to take me out.
to step away from my ever present routine.
its been abandoned in the woods.
by the time you get back to the beach, the camp could be gone again.
hurley... is locked away in a mental institution.
say you were able to get outside those walls?
give the phone to him.
you stay here.
1,000 mg of seconal.
dont speak. you dont wanna damage your vocal cords.
you have food and take rest.
this wont be right.
theyre gonna think youre crazy.
and what about pl?
what are you doing now?
its the truth. read the police reports!
look at you.
you dont have to be alone.
to know their thinking, and their cunningness better..
well, thats your business, honey.
you know, the womens find me uncomfortably good looking.
during the lockdown. i was hurt.
if i dont love it, i dont swallow.
is it going to be like this all over the city?
something just bit me!
look! maybe if we spend more time..
you give them nothing.
where youll always get to witness my progress..
keep dreaming, ron.
mr. sergei thinks theyre made up of wave energy.
i just wanna say..
they just move to california and start tv shows.
look for anything that might show where theyve gone.
sisterinlaw, it is the time when we were in college.
actually, i observe a code of silence for 1 5 minutes..
mother can lead her entire life.
well, thanks for helping me.
now, look, son, we have run this play a hundred times in practice.
is that greatgrandmas crystal?
its not that. i just dont like you.
dad, i know you dont believe in me, but i need them to.
so he wasnt exposed.
well, you see, theyre not really people at all.
rizvan khan of banville california was arrested..
i was just kidding!
give me your hand.
i didnt come here to defend him, i came here to see you.
basha bhai, im meta from calcutta.
she killed her husband and his sister.
no, i think heiki has sufficiently kicked my ass for the day.
i read it twice.
im just playing around.
major, you insisted on family, heres your son.
glad to see you made it out alive.
aside from phlegm?
just get this cleaned up, thats all.
enjoy your coffee. they brought it in by burro this morning.
uh,your... your lawyer gave me the headsup.
..dont give your phone number to anyone.
even if ive to search every street, im going to get this one in 48 hours.
jump in were late.
and for the first time i didnt see a dead end.
remember that guy who sat in front of me? the cowboy?
showing you off.
buzzing    gasping  help me.
get on the train!
what just happened?
on an old bicycle, i gather.
i will tell everyone the truth about the jenna thing.
but why here?
can you do this?
im thinking just fine, son.
copy that, 8adam16.
id named her pari.
angela i did see something in the woods.
marlin no, youre doing fine!
where are you going?
excuse me, excuse me.
keep it clear down below, boys!
you said... that i was a natural.
except... funny thing.
now, that figures.
you wont just run to eversmanns position.
im afraid i really dont know, herr kommandant.
real hardluck case  gambling addict, alcoholic. runs a shrimp truck.
would you mind giving us a moment?
..its not possible!
and the next day she left for delhi.
i always wanted chaps!
thats pretty poetic.
and im gonna kill both of you in your own shop.
ten feet, scofield.
you cant steal what was designed to be free.
cause the only letter l ever wrote is to the man im gonna kill.
dont touch that.
dory here comes the big one. ooh!
what nonsense i know that!
kurta from lucknow or a pathani salwar does not maketh a man...
here it comes!
i will see you in the hospital.
what did you tell them?
speaking of that, hows chloes paper coming along?
friday?  better start making travel arrangements.
did you know that?
look, its lanas favorite
thanks, dad. that means a lot coming from you.
ill get all the access i need.
but when you wake up, you wont even remember that we had an arrangement.
we have anxiously awaited your return, my liege.
dont you have any manners or shame?
do you remember anything?
if you dont want to help me with this blood drive, then just say so.
what do i do?
that is my recollection, yes.
hail lord ganesh!
jesus christ is not a weapon.
well, miss walsh,
he flirts with me at the banks of the river.
shes like a vanilla icecream.
you only have to say so.
do you want to talk about it?
i lived when i should have died.
do not... i say again, do not fire to the east.
i wish youd remembered the chocolate.
until every chair in this chamber is empty?
margarets on that plane.
you said tina was obsessed with her.
its called mouse trap.
i dont know who said, only the dead had seen the end of war.
you gotta chase the rabbit if you want the tail.
then why dont you..
maybe she knows.
cameras are all dead in luthor hall.
i know your dads worried that people are going to find out.
dont get me wrong.
but that ends tonight.
may i suggest you contribute some of your own men?
jodi, we talked about this. starving yourself isnt the way.
he worries what ill do in life.
whats she waiting for?
no, its not okay. you have been avoiding me for a week.
just hold on.
i dont understand how you found one... alive?
youll be absolutely fine.
agent mulder has developed a consuming devotion to an unassigned project outside the bureau mainstream.
well, arent you?
well, then, you will probably be wanting yours back.
one for the team.
which, as the saying goes, is just enough time to learn how to blow yourself up.
please.  get this bitch out!
oh, shut up.
recollect where our men were.
i need you to unbuckle your seat belt and grab the branch next to you.
... aboutthewaymr. nightingaleleft .
in exchange, he had his comrades on the outside put the arm down on the dispatcher.
when did you grow so much hair?
i dont believe it, john.
and he was already married.
hold it, hold it!
what are you doing, aarush?
well, it is real.
put them in my tent.
im speaking from asylum.
you must have missed something at the accident site.
find another one.
these things are fucking bullet magnets.
so ill let you finish. bye.
well, then whats the delay?
troy, you okay?
my dads extremely sketchy.
its nothing personal.
its safe now.
okay, but you need to change your get up.
some of the others decided, uh...
we cant catch fish?
the guy pretends to be one of us, he drags her into the jungle.
snaps you out of the dream.
then we found this hatch, and it was full of food.
get me the secretary of defense.
all right. the guy was 65, he was resisting.
come with me, young lady.
but shes asleep...
were all on the way back to the beach right now, so you better pack your bags, buddy.
yes brother, hes your son.
dad, lex is trying to do the right thing.
hes sayin..hell even give u salary!
no soul or ghost, youre blabbering in shock.
listen to me carefully.
its my life.
look, dont say it like that.
so i dont get infected out there.
do you have any idea what we have been through?
so if you want to kill her, go ahead and do it
did you see how many ups and downs were there on the way?
i finally found her and i married her.
how many of you are there?
im getting really really worried that something bads happened to him.
i will tell you one thing, if i dig, you are showing carbon to it.
you dont know me.
im the head of your security down here.
may we have a moment of your time?
..will be my enemy.
meanwhile whenever i have time, i will write all..
ill take you.
hold on one second.
as much as youll get to solve this case.
coz they fit, they fit perfectly like...
pardon me for appearing desperate, but before the pilot was ripped from the cockpit, he did say that no ones gonna find us unless we get that transceiver working.
you are not dharma material. were screwed.
why are you paying so much for him?
they probably stayed over so they could camp a little longer.
well, heres an idea why not go to your buddy jack?
we were just pretending.
no, we want to be as far away from them as possible.
why do i have to come?
i wonder where my class has gone?
whats the problem?
but its got to bother you, idiots running around,
not if we stick to the story. i dont know, jack. it could be a risk.
a piece of sheet metal in a viselike maneuver, but knight rocketed right between em... and averted certain destruction.
i made a note of it when i saw the body.
besides, arent i doing a good job?
i spent years of my life fighting criminals of one type or another who always had the upper hand, and now this.
my name is charles widmore.
when im not looking at you over a desk, or through dan farrens fauxhawk.
are there others?
and whos checking on you?
just these weird things.
so he sent me with a keepsake
i have something very special in mind for you.
hey, girl. what are you doing here?
he wont spare anyone i have jumped hoops to come here and free you
the last call i got said he was sitting in the tv room eating leftover lasagna and watching the comedy marathon.
this is last nights surveillance tape.
its roughly 30 seconds long, so... how long...?
all the northern tribes were here.
would you listen to me?
... andhesmademelook like a complete asshole.
grab the rope! ill pull you up!
youre not honest towards your duty.
im not saying that.
theyre going to need someone from the crime lab.
we shall never part through smiles or through tears.
i love you.
im in bad trouble.
with the same emotion he beat them black and blue.
and afterward we wont intrude in any marriage sir i wont even enter my marriage also sir, infact i wont marry also sir, even he wont marry also sir hanh hanh, even i wont sir even your parents shouldntve married
come on! you need to get out of there!
i was really scared.
its your call.
im used to staying alone since i childhood.
i need you to keep us posted on the speed and location of 777.
you came into my life,
we dont want you to either.
do you know his fathers name?
well all come over and tidy up.
look at the ash!
why are you disturbing us?
chuckles  so i hear youre gunning for varsity captain.
you remember when you asked me to marry you?
my life is but under your shadow
aunty! can i speak?
and where exactly is here?
i spoke to her father. hes in shock.
i do not talk to smokers. l havent decided yet, by the way..
i still have to explain to him why you are not there to read to him so dont you say his name!
hey, kenny rogers.
i came to see your dad. hes the only one i can trust.
found the address, she went to her people.
when were you planning on telling me?
because bees die due to cell phones.
theres nowhere to go.
you had one more week, thats all, one more week.
thats why ive caught don seenu, who beat your son.
three nights ago.
we had an agreement!
welcome, everybody. i know its late, so ill skip the pleasantries and hand things over to our chairman, richard mackey.
i guess i kinda kept some of it for myself.
please be careful,michael.
dude, come on...
this whole thing is the girls idea.
ill take your time in the tunnel tonight.
hes been moving with every flash, just like us.
how do you find the strength to do this every day?
this letter wasnt written to you.
youve become big.
you know, so i can fend off the throngs of adoring fans.
look at what they did to those planes.
have forensics go over it.
i mean, the guys been here for, like, ever. he knows me.
listen, theyre stranded out there.
how long has it been happening?
i think we should say hes mine.
another inch, it wouldve hit my tibial artery.
l figured youd be in first class.
yes, i left it on your desk. mmhmm.
remember the good old days?
you know, the phd who trained for three years for this mission...
all of you, life!
ill go get her some water. yeah.
youre so good with him.
i mean, its been about a month since his last dialysis.
why dont you close that up now, jack?
that unmatchd form and feature of blown youth blasted with ecstasy.
michael, jin, sawyer...
there was an incident a few nights ago, here at the hotel bar.
i keep thinking jake might just show up and say hello.
its weird to be home.
i cant even find a topic for my doctorate.
cash, jewels, art, cars, you name it!
theres nothing more we can do.  no, i can find...
you be a good girl, right?
who else knows this?
and thanks for telling them my name, bea.
ahaana. what happened?
so are you a fan of jazz, dr. chang?
you need to listen now. this isnt just the asthma.
lana, i dont know if im supposed to tell you this, but whitney lost his scholarship.
this is my fault.
they looked like hieroglyphics, but im no expert.
god, you always were a lousy liar.
arent you gonna miss this?
as you may have heard staff sergeant nantz will be taking over for staff sergeant beck.
i dont suppose theres anything i could do to change your mind.
and hes like, you know, babe this babe that...
im not putting down anything!
youre running a travel agency but no car to pick us up. give her to me.
i shouldve listened to you when you wanted to get on this sub three years ago.
we have no way to communicate with each other.
looks like theres gonna be soup tonight!
open the door!
yeah, at least im doing something.
that can generate power from all cars that has come in the marriage, ohhh wow and did you make the inverter?
if anything would happen to you...
why are we held captive?
were puttin her down!
he wants to protect me.
i aint nobody.
i really want this, sabrina.
every time i ask who you have to bring back, you pass out on me again.
id hate to deprive you of this.
how can i?
and then i looked at the envelope.
more than 15,000 pindaris will set out for madhavgarh.
just leave me alone.
we should be on time. who is going?
is it your dad?
im sure its occurred to you that this womans motivation in helping us detonate a hydrogen bomb is only to annihilate the dharma initiative.
they just got what they were after. what are you talking about?
youll have a mentor, who youll work with weekly, to give you a little perspective.
just be careful. come on, hurry up.
stay with them!
me? with you?
she knew that one day id come back and bring others.
im on my way there right now.
its mr. merrimack down at the bank. he cut off all credit.
tell them i made the plane crash.
not scared enough?
they can see, but they cant hear.
they built a wall in front of the elevator, but its still here.
this is about your brother, right?
i need you to take alex and get as far from here as possible.
the eagle is not a piece of metal.
clyde mardon, i was tinkering with something.
and you will learn your place
lve an idea.
found the dye packs and the tracers.
is that jungle red?
whats the name ofthis mad hatter?
but you know what? you dont have to bother about that.
i think ive already found what im looking for in one of my soldiers!
youre going to live as long as you can.
you want to hear what i have to say or not?
i am going to help him find his friend.
..you are trying to cover up your worries.
all right, man. dont do it.
one contesting mla election?
how do you plan on keeping this lot under control?
you will create the perfect system.
give it to me. ill talk to him.
he moves, you move. like magnets.
just want you to know im coming for you.
no kidding. what are you doing out here?
then are you the present owner of rainbow fashions?
he said you told him that i had to have...
how many times did i pull you back from the edge?
im not the car thief.
how can you be sure ill bring it back? and he said
no one lives there, so i wont bother anybody.
i wonder whats wrong with father.
i just totally forgot.
weve got a big game friday night. were short players.
but i thought, who the hells gonna see his feet?
you want me to...
oh, youre trying to help, huh?
never really care for anything else thereafter.
they fight like a married couple building a raft together.
ah, i have to keep a cork in.
i just mean as far as my career was concerned.
whats going on over there?
she believes hes an other.
and here he is in the bathtub.
absolutely! will do. soon as i have it.
sri lanka. india.
they got to obey some sort of rules, have some sort of purpose.
by the way, jenny..
these safe houses are all linked together on one mainframe motion sensors say which ones are active
i heard your people were in smallville doing some surveying.
oh, i see! very funny.
hansens all bent.
im not leaving without her mum!
wait, its probably on his keychain.
yes, you do.
hes always drunk. how can he show us the way?
all right, wait for my goahead.
im not talking about cooking. im talking about guts.
by the time norton retires, ill have made him a millionaire.
what are you doing home so early?
you took an oath when you walked in this office.
i can do it.
we need a password.
and why would they do that?
uniform 64 approaching staging area.
thats not gonna get us anywhere.
if not, just keep south.
orange blossom, to be sure.
i need to talk to you.
i know it was probably the last thing you wanted to do.
i gotta go.
oh, no way.
will rope in at 1546...
how do we find jin?
hey. what the hell?
its not about chloe.
now you go get michael knight out of jail, and ill get the microchip design out of the computer.
if that happens, leese, our guy in the bmws gonna know about it.
i wanna read my book.
we are a family. we are a family.
youre much more attractive in person.
my father was cunoval, bearer of the blue war shield of the brigantes.
they lived happily ever after...
i swooned in ecstasy
so did sean call?
isnt that for sunburn or something?
hello dad director sir will speak to you joy mr.lobo your son wont get graduated this year what happened sir?
what the fuck have you done?
theyll be homeless, and it will be your fault.
mama i need a dinosaur picture...
let her go!
yes, i am.
okay, i deserve that.
take it outside, open it there.
aaron is sick. i need to find that place, that room.
did you see me? did you see what i did?
can no one bring me shrek? !
oh, i drove past alisons house today.
united we stand.
will you kill our basha?
coming up behind you!
will you be able to do this, ben?
if you can settle down for a few hours, ill see if dad can take us out to dinner.
your son is benjamin linus?
edward, they wont want to get anywhere near his odor.
why do you want to meet the president?
crash.. crash..dont leave me!
that makes it okay?
how would i know?
wheres kurt these days?
this is because they left.
so, where did it all come from?
... aboutwhathandsomedr. bills dickie might be like?
you came all the way down here to tell me how guilty i am?
besides, its customary to have a date.
a failsafe. in case one of us...
you gotta put it on, okay. we have to go.
bring who back?  jack. sun, sayid, hugo, kate...
bella on phone hi, jessica, is bella.
what shall we do now?
i know him!
..then i will get that rs.50 note anyhow.
jacko here knows his heroins in my stash with the guns.
where are you taking me?
he looks like hes in pain.
tell monica i love her.
veer and punya are back.
ls it? were coming.
then well find your camp.
dance for me, sod buster!
look, ms... i dont know why you think im your son
i lost my wedding ring once.
are you guys some kind of millionaires or something?
why slaughter people without even telling us what they want?
im also tensed to hear it.
work has become so silly.
im saying you dont deserve your life.
theyre gaining on us. luke, fuck, i aint getting pinched.
and what made it fall?
true loves kiss led to marriage and ogre babies!
you guys just look like two teenagers in love out there.
our target is to the north, centred above what remains of downtown los angeles.
so you didnt make it, huh?
lets go, jenny.
you too dont believe it.
thought i might start making up for some lost time.
i actually just got it.
not anymore you dont.
just like everybody else here.
and would suffice
i didnt hear desmond or sayid either.
yeah, her names naomi cozier.
of course we do.
shooting in all directions.
me fire king...
ive seen enough.
and whatever i do, i cant change this moment.
is my hair okay?
i didnt know what else to do. he was gonna shoot you.
if i take him, hes not ever gonna be the same again.
it involves telling the mark that hes dreaming which involves attracting a lot of attention to us.
last night something strange happened here...
a bunch of ballwashing bastards!
nothing like a cold splash of reality to make you...
plenty of fruit and fish to go around. what were doing here is far more important.
yes, what can i do for you?
arent you forgetting something?
how did they get in?
if youd stayed away another 6 months, i couldve made her happy.
that was derick jones!
yeah, ill let you know if i hear from him.
ill show you.
im asking holly out.
the three of us disappeared off that plane and ended up here, ended up now, because this is our chance to change things.
yeah, you slept over.
move it, garbage boy!
you dont seem terribly focused, gru.
get her out of here. now! rosie, dont tell anyone you were here.
thats how i roll.
and you are going out with all these guns.
no, its his turn.
conviction, it turns out, is a luxury of those on the sidelines, mr. nash.
of course, sir. i apologize.
thats just scary.  wait, wait, wait.
did you get him?
he brought the entire thing in, every element.
where did you go?
your drivers at the front door and would urgently like a word with you.
all right, cisco, im heading home.
he couldnt pick a horse to save his fucking life.
were not going with them!
but i hear them.
some of you people, down to the water.
thats not what i meant!
i am so sorry.
hey, look, balloons.
i have made my peace with whats happening to me.
are we looking for him?
reptiles got to stick together, right, my brother?
say it in your own style.
hes my brother.
you must miss those friends of yours.
did you see where she went?  right around the corner.
ill come get my stuff tomorrow.
o lord l dont know how ?
first, i think id like something else.
its lex luthor.
he hears your tale of woe and naturally wants to cheer you up.
okay, panic time.
his words, not mine.
give me the key now.
now send 1 billion quickly.
or was that a prank too?
hell rush into it.  where do i go?
mr. lafleur.  take your lunch, phil.
where i come from, we call this improvisation.
jeff is gonna pack everything else.
i pressed your button.
..over khwaish, right at this very spot..
oh! im sorry.
the more i love someone, the further away they go from me.
what the hell is going on here?
did you see anything?  no, i didnt.
were not savages, kate. not yet.
how did you come inside?
we got a black hawk down.
we need to go
okay, i cant pretend like i dont know you.
but im not tellin you where he went... and theres no way youre gonna make me.
you mind showing us the way?
thats two days now.
someone who laughs at the gore that makes weaker men vomit.
i just wanted to say thanks for killing those things...
trust a word that she says. she will do anything to get away.
you got that, right?
hell, no. its the best idea i ever heard.
theres enough c4 here to blow up a bloody aircraft carrier.
please and thank you. we gotta work on that.
we can talk about this.
right now thats the safest place to be.
what was it that was so wrong with me?
now, this is obviously an idea that robert himself would choose to reject which is why we need to plant it deep in his subconscious.
the openings are narrow. easier for protection against predators.
water goes out, takes the sand with it and you sink.
you sure youre fit for duty there, soldier?
i dont have a father.
thats why im going to get a better cake...
dont touch me, ok?
we need to sweep the room.
but in the beginning, didnt god create adam to love him?
fill it out over there.
can i ask you a question?
we didnt see them again.
thomas, i can pee on a stick.
you know, until you figure things out.
my bella, just less fragile.
i think hes not so crazy about the whole carrytherocksahalfmile thing.
you heard me talking about time travel.
how will i explain the reason why i couldnt unite my scattered family?
ben, i thought this was a dinner party. just you and me.
theyre fly bitten savages that live in a tree.
and you both fell in love.
though the traveller goes away,
till you taste no difference between shit and french fries.
right now. just a minute.
i assume you took care of everything and he loves me now.
nothing left but all the time in the world to think about it.
i wonder if all this has a little less to do with sean
he wasnt even mad at me.
how to kill someone who doesnt fear death?
you know that, dont you?
im in love with someone else?
out there is our destiny.
when the van hits the water.
look, the truth is, lex luthor was driving like a maniac.
yeah, you two get to watch. ill be in it.
what happened in the hatch, kate?
let me say a couplet.
we were waiting for you.
big day for her.
but were getting closer.
a blanket, some medicine, clothes, jeans and socks.
he doesnt have to be dead.
dont let him escape.
hes back home with his nanny.
it was a truth that could never be changed.
bring the rest of the weapons on board. lets go lets go!
besides this i dont want to give my boss a chance to complain.
thank you, principal kwan.
rangers are searching for the killer animal... switching radio station
but society wants him to be good.
but.. why did you marry me?
and you, father?
this pot is making you aggressive.
thats not staying in my bed.
ill call for the car, dad.
we know hes used it before.
get over here, quick!
get the hell out of the dock.
youve a record for getting suspended
i know you were disappointed i couldnt be you.
charlotte... why are you telling me this?
..if a khan was added to his name?
um. so, are we clear about the homework assignment?
can i speak with you for a moment?
you know, thats not that long.
cut it and smear it.  do youve scissors?
how dare u enter my property without my permission, hanh?
speak up. i dont think your friends here heard you.
some sort of... power station.
its just one bottle.
everyone needs to get out of here right now.
thats what happens when you trust your family, lex.
rumor had it, he was trying to send rats brains back in time.
doesnt that mean i dont know you should have one too?
now heres the real question, desmondo
its happening again, isnt it?
you always wanna run away, katie.
i guess im thinking in terms of the pain and anguish its caused your friends and loved ones.
and nearly starved to death on a deserted island,
press, media glare is on this case.
as long as the good doctor thinks im diabetic,
oh stop now..my bladders are bursting! ..
i didnt appoint you the chief for this battle..
when the order came for the ninth to march north, it was autumn.
his hands swell up whenever we fly.
hes got a gun.
at these tremendous depths, there is little hope of recovering any remains.
my name is matthew abbadon.
her mother didnt get that from curvy girl.
leave me alone.  dont even...
now, which way did they go?
the only person ill tell is her.
and i based my medical treatment on his lie.
lets go find him.
i have one favor to ask.
she wont. parcher
i didnt come to you for help or pity i came because i have nothing left to lose.
open this door!
some banjoplaying freak.
so all the neighbors can watch me take my medicine?
you told me that you had been up in the crawl space for p.i., and...
theres a million fucking cops out there.
hey. i was just locking up.
let me see if i can get an update for ya.
she karatechopped me.
that was almost a month ago.
you eating enough?
what a freak.
did richard send you?
are you spying on me? just doing my job.
dont forget to call mr. gilliam, okay?
guy named lincoln burrows.
they aint gonna look at the necklaces.
who gets them to move?
l believe she is. yes.
because she never should have left.
come here, you.
you know that, right?
oh, what a beautiful bride.
the cargo container? we gotta do this?
why arent you helping?
i can tell you how much c4 youre gonna need to score.
hey, look who it is.
dont ever take it.
i pass him in the halls. but people change.
its just that the luthors have been banking here for 12 years.
well, we were hoping things would calm down, but thats not happening.
there is no telling how much jack hes got stashed in that castle.
call tej singh to church.
anyone who came under the shadow of this black magic went out of reach of my spiritual vision.
truth is that he didnt drink the beer you mixed with that substance.
i need to talk to you.
wait, lets see how we can go inside.
you dont get it.
i told you, man.
i can talk to them!
youre calling at 2 am to tell charu is sleeping, what do you mean by it?
listen, sweetheart, we gotta get moving now.
i didnt sign up for this.
split him up the back.
two days ago, i didnt believe in the existence of talking animals or dwarves... or centaurs.
okay, somebody gets a doctor.
the family of peter avellino the man you killed in cold blood last year on a golf course in the seychelles.
burrows, roll it up.
i am everything that you were too afraid to be.
does tbag have a real name?
while you rock and drool, the world will burn to ashes!
i wish hed just given me some sort of proof.
i should have gotten rid of you before i turned you on.
and what did you say?
you need to tell the authorities everything you know.
we secured it over 20 years ago underground.
just get it over with! drive!
you mean before or after the redhead knocked me out?
whatd you do?
alan got your page.
thats a good question.
they knew it was out there somewhere,
i dont know why.
said he was going after walt.
she calls me if the pigeons sit on the terrace.
how big would you say that is?
a sign, my dear apprentice, of a weary soul.
what if she comes here?
as soon as it stops raining.
im gonna miss you, walter.
im not letting him do this.
who are the people?
the price to do nothing is 10 lakh.
that took a lot of guts getting in here and trying to rescue me.
who was driving?
john, chapter 8, verse 1 2.
it was a while before i realized that i was really lost.
tell me when you feel it.
i think lex feels hes become part of our lives.
do you know whats happening to me?
before im dead?
you cant do this to me.
barclay said it was an immigration issue.
its a boar.
what about his therapy sessions?
i will get the girls ready.
splashing  claire shh. hey, hey, sweetie.
its all right. dont worry about it.
its what you want, isnt it?
but even tat idiot gave out his heart for his friends he had entered ravans territory, to steal a question paper for raju search for a red sealed envelope ok come... he was very afraid..that if raju failed, hell again go n do a highjump!
dont be afraid!
this is super 65.
the next day, what happened...?
is he telling the truth?
hes coming sir.
i had always suspected his motives.
i havent seen you since the flaming arrows three years ago.
conscience is just a polite term for cowardice.
im almost done.
was i good?
yeah. they gave her something to help her rest.
pick a card.
im pretty freaked out, thats how im doing.
he isnt a free loader like you.
good people did good deeds.
its a nice feeling. i do it a lot.
theyre coming to see prem.
its the only fucking reason you guys are walking from this. get out.
im on the donor list.
yes, your end.
dont you think thats cutting it too close?
at kfour traffic circle, we turn north, then east on national...
the third wife was no magical being, with no special powers but one,
john abruzzi, don of the crime family of the same name.
im officially dead.
this should be very simple.
he even has a kidneyshaped pool.
ive performed it hundreds of times.
well, guess what?
i better get to project justice.
the doctors... think that youre... gonna be just fine.
macray did eight months for going over the counter at a baybank with a nail gun after he washed out from pro hockey.
you know theyre not gonna keep believing that were coming out here hunting.
rancho where is rancho?
but youre still alive
you said youd recommend me for the underwear ad...?
what is the problem here?
you should have run.
they have no idea i know where they are.
mm, its really too early to tell, but only women whove conceived on the island does it happen to...
you fantasized about me!
give me a second.
its not safe to keep son here for long.
... im taking erica fox to the spring formal?
excuse me one second.
hobart, do something!
if you try to face him again, he could kill you.
it doesnt matter, clark. it happened.
and we wait until extraction of prisoners is complete here.
so this is tom and this is jerry.
she got sick. she died a couple of weeks ago.
im not going anywhere.
you just want to rescue me because im...
please make me a real boy.
what does that mean?
the rest of you... i want you to scour this ship up and down.
memories, at sites like the one you just destroyed.
lets see if he starts shooting.
acute perception of persecution, paranoia.
most of the women made it into the middle of their second trimester.
theres a bomb outside.
but it never stops.
..whatll be my state when i realise the truth.
its got to do with the close proximity of the island.
..it was all over.
but you re not the jealous type, are you?
okay, i couldnt make it twice, talk to her and come home.
i know, and you see, the thing is, its almost exactly what you said last year
you know, never mind.
hi.  hi, henry.
since when do qualifications have anything to do with childcare...?
i can do that. that dilating thing, how do you look for that?
uh... well, id like that.
nikkis treatment money!
aman i am going to kill you!
thats when my blood boils.
dont all rush at once.
youre a teenager, lana. mercurial doesnt do you justice.
,publishable, applicable results,
there she is!
even with all the stuff that was going on with him,
do you have something?
if theres a heaven, son, she aint in it.
no, but i did finally speak with christine, who wants us all to grab a pizza this weekend.
i heard the quarterback couldnt make it. too bad.
or just never having to commit to anything.
you see, whether you struggle or not, one things for sure, friend.
she spilled that on purpose!
she planted some herbs and some low growing stuff here, and then she started a grove over there.
i wanna go downstairs and tell her youve gone.
get the jaws, get the jaws!
where are you going, mommy?
dont worry, uncle. i wont let a decent man be defamed.
i told you to stop talking.
first three vehicles mount up, were moving back to base.
she made a point of telling you so.
right, bring her here.
but who are you?
it doesnt mean youre getting fucked, though.
can we move it along?
thats an unusual necklace.
im going in.
didnt want to leave it behind.
only one man can answer this!
it was gat seeing you, hurley.
if you did, id be...
im the one planning and negotiating and...
no funny comments.
were in the flux vortex.
yes, hurley, we are gonna need a lot more rocks.
it means, he..
so you sense it, you get aware of it more
mind if i take a look?
if you see him, tell him to escape.
youre very good, mother.
youre a good player as well, sujan singh.
your son prem has eloped with her from goa.
im gonna tell him you fixed me.
this is your lucky day.
i guess ill have to show you.
my names veronica donovan.
you have two minutes to leave the building.
but doctor, who was he?
immy, tell us what happened.
keep fastforwarding, please.
itll help to get some food in him.
then i am yours, my king.
..country to help somebody?
so, to make sure that doesnt happen, youre gonna have to check in with me once a week.
looks like someones doing laps.
i told him that god would understand.
we have more balls.
i got to change these bandages. yeah, well, try not taking my skin off with them.
i do trust you, lana.
the arm is moving.  agh!
maybe its time you used that key youve been wearing around your neck.
why are you home so early?
do you have a second,sir?
i dont think its really sunk in yet.
you think im making this up?
no, you need to wake up.
the truth is, im impressed.
its a shark cage, bro.
ow! ow! ow!
i think i found a way home.
he told me he was doing it for us.
for what happened to claire.
we just did.
theres a gun safe in the motor pool,but its locked.
we got you.
dont you try to pull back.
that makes me really happy.
you just cant help yourself, can you?
charlie was with me.  hes okay.
back when the world made sense!
who called me sallu?
think about the kids...
we need to exfil the wounded now and get out of here before its too late!
here, i pay you 20 more.
we could use the wire we pulled from the fuselage, rig up a harness.  john.
i wanted to.
ii already told you shes not here. lets just take it easy.
grow it yourself, or bribe a grower.
they can run with it if they want to embarrass themselves.
your training will kick in.
perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream.
im gonna let you think about last night.
hes not coming after anybody.
your life force fading.
depends on what its for.
remind me i dont have to worry.
by creating something secure, like a bank vault or a jail.
you know we almost had a heart attack.
hes always been bad electronically.
he was dangling from a bridge.
he seemed like a really good man, always putting his family first.
here she comes.
goddamn it, run!
yeah, we can do that too.
however you can.
one day we spent eight hours tracking deer.
im gonna rape so many fine bitches.
if it kills, we make it.
so, who am i?
whoa, whoa, whoa!
i dont know. shark week.
you have to find us another route. over.
how are you spelling it?
i want lists in three days. go.
i told you, youre safe here.
this is your luxurious flat.
will you make me your dream?
dont you drag my father into this...
youre friends with chloe. is she flying solo tonight?
i thought if i could follow them, theyd lead me to someplace wonderful.
you might not believe, you might not know.
i will get it.
if we want to change the world, first we have to change ourselves.
shes mine now. greg?
a new paint job?
can you, uh, wait outside for a little bit so mom can get a rest?
i wont bite you.
no, not really.
maybe he knew.
nice, isnt it?
and truth is beyond imagination.
yeah, wonderland, because who im chasing hes not there.
if you hadnt have screwed up our retirement plan, we wouldnt have to!
i wonder if i did that right.
mom the great!
i really ought to be tucking you in.
yes, i am.
we could hear them being sacrificed.
but youve stammered only once until now.
and we use that one to clean the thing we clean the toilets with.
well, uh... sometimes that happens with mommies and daddies.
you think my son is this person the soldiers are calling the blue spirit.
but its all right.
is not you, is me, right?
you know, in case we have to wait.
thankfully all his vitals have stabilised, but he should be moved to a facility more suited to his needs.
listen, man. go slow, all right?
she talked about it.
im with kyle. he wants to go public about rickman.
no one can change her fate now.
its better, thanks.
you let me propose my idea for the performance.
i didnt mean you.
that maybe theres nothing important about you at all?
jack, get down.
your blots cant get in.
what else can she say?
im helping lana at the talon getting ready for the opening.
nope. im good.
please, blue fairy.
what about all that stuff you said about waiting until morning and watching the sun rise?
pete, can you check the library files? one more time?
then you shouldve let him die.
youll sleep on the floor.
only one thing left to do.
youre not gonna lose yourself.
papa, i want to play.
ive already done that, your honor.
how do i find them?
kill him, kill your own brother.
you gotta embrace the clichs, jess.
library might be easier.
hell i wanted a stick... but i figured my shifting ability wouldnt be so hot.
how did you get in here?
we look out for our own kind, remy.
because the containment system failed,
putting people in the hospital wasnt the plan.
you have got to get keefe out of that room.
theyve been studying us, finding out our weaknesses!
safest thing is to stay here, wait for morning, wait for these others, to see if they ever show up,
yours just changed.
what if you do need to save the baby?
he could write the pope a perfumed letter, and reveal himself as a new messiah.
hes right, james.
thats why i left them.
are you doubting your mad skills?
i always was the better salesman.
but how did you come here all of a sudden?
come on, priya, its been three years..
thankfully, youre not married to me.
is everything okay, clark?
..we brothers have slightly adapted ourselves like them.
coming. one minute, sam.
you got something to fucking say?   coughing, spits
we went through six carbon drill bits, and the last one just fried.
l think hes stalking me.
we have to, before its too late..
but you just keep making waves, dont you?
jake, you missed the rest of the show.
lets go back to india.
what are you in for?
i never should have followed you wackos in the first place.
i love you, david.
im going back to the island today... just as soon as i do one thing kill your daughter.
i promise you that its only a matter of time before we know everything that is in scofields head where he plans to run to, how he plans to get there.
ok, alright, ill be right there.
... when i pulled him out.
brother, why are you growing your hair?
it might as well have been in chinese.
why didnt you come to me in the first place?
yeah, me too.
cause it seemed like you were about to shoot me yourself.
if she doesnt like the way the vote goes, it wont be a pretty sight.
it was the watch.
it was destroyed in a fire last month.
we cant worry about him.
variations of aaron being in mortal peril.
what color did you say?
saucier, in charge of sauces.
we are beginning our descent into juneau.
an alternate universe just like ours.
visiting hours are now over.
the best cop this towns ever seen!
faith leads to betrayal.
its just a matter of two years.
get them combat ready.
there was nothing we could do.
how much weight can this hold?
whats going on!
clear the yard.
my name is alice harford.
no, not likely.
i, on the other hand, take cooking seriously.
it didnt make any mistake.
how about that kid, the one they say killed his parents?
i suggest we take evasive action!
the hero cannot exist in a vacuum!
im gonna draw our house, and then im gonna draw howies house... and school and mount hood... and everything else as far as i can see.
they were wrong, john.
ravi, do you even know what pain im going through?
and whys that?
dont you believe that the lord had asked for ismails sacrifice?
thats gonna heal right up.
thats what messes up my instruments.
yeah. and craig, and anybody else you can get.
i mean, its the first time seth, leah and quilll hear them, too.
anything you want to tell me?
whos big brother?
when the nightmares started.
oh, you mean richa malhotra.
but didnt look in the eyes.
youthe like him.
you wanna tell me something, reyes?
so the reason that i called you was because my sort of advisor.
sorry, rog, times up.
you need to leave now. listen, sweetie, im not in high school.
jin plays dead. you call for help.
like we said we would if things got...
i just touched it.
im not a reporter.
we do now.
this is bullshit, come on.
now, when i am just two months away from retirement..
youre not real.
im looking for potsdamer platz.  you dont need a map.
a friend of mine should be along shortly.
iim supposed to be on this, uh, detail.
sure. no problem.
theres no d on it.  ill write on it.
it was mals, actually. this...
you dont look me in the eye.
we told him where the bodies were.
youre wrong again.
see what a man i am?
im sorry mrs. khan, i didnt know what to do.
were doing an excerpt from swan lake.
why do you care about her so much?
clark, dont be mad.
i didnt tell on you before, and im not gonna now.
what do you mean a little girl?
and since your genome is identical to his, you could step into his shoes.
cause the car that allegedly hit you was your own.
i need to find john.
you know, this was supposed to be my weekend off.
we are following them.
so if a prisoner wins five races, he gets his freedom.
stop it pia what do u think?
further along the mountain.
we have to go back the orchid.
lets get to that ship.
here you go.
control of the city?
thats out of the question.
the night before it happened, nick had a really strange dream.
where is it?
heavenly father, we thank you.
please fill the form.
five thousand men can disappear in a single glen.
oh, man, thats rough.
so the bike building story is true.
with complete planning with her lover.
are you going to start handing them out?
this is your moment, nina.
but i didnt say anything!
no, you have it.
not with a shotgun.
what do you think it is? heatstroke?
where are you going?
what i meant was...
dont try everyone, you may get hurt.
yeah, until he rises from the dead.
sure, not a problem.
i guess gru must just have one that looks exactly like it!
how in the hell did you get a gun?
whatever happens, i got your back, remember?
but we are here and i have become mummy from a mother.
hes not coming out of his house because he doesnt care.
im bringing him water.
your bodys reacting to the insulin like youre not a diabetic.
ive got you a jumpsuit and your gear is here.
is not something i can just run away from, bella.
think im gonna stay.
fine, but how do we prove that?
shes devi, puppy.
oh, my god! what is that?
yashoda puri, if you die, what will you do with the house.
..at the buckingham palace cannot be postponed.
it wont matter.
just one final detail. you were aware of the patients pregnancy
jin, help me trace back these wires, make a list of where each of them goes to.
last season you saved us four hands.
youve gotten further with emily than i have
ill make locke release charlotte, and im going to do it without any bloodshed.
you see, lisa, i never lie.
i called her dad. he was stuck in a seminar.
in fact i remember i used to have to pry it out of your hands to get you to go to bed.
ill have to make sure i give you an acknowledgement, mr... hutton.
youre enjoying, its okay, how will she know it?
and i tried to make fun of it, you know, before anyone else did.
oh, i see you found him first, finders keepers?
we didnt get a chance to finish our conversation.
are you okay?
i never actually thought theyd come back.
come on. one more time please.
come on, get it out.
i think all the time.
she peeps from behind and steals a glance
lets just not freak out the others, okay?
oh, hes the best, but he has no imagination.
where are we going?
how about you?
no such thing as curses, ma?
look, you put me in charge, this is what were doing.
the fact that im gonna get me one final piece of tail certainly dont hurt either.
ill tell you the truth.
is this where you tell me that no man is good enough for his daughter?
i was just checking on you, seeing if everything was okay.
marlin waah! waah!
fischer. fischer is real.
or at least would have been.
so, what is it about that guy?
sol laughs nervously jesus christ.
and, james, youre banned from ever setting foot in australia again.
it happened at the community soccer field.
come on. lets go.
tell her its a fake.
why not hurley?
tier 3 north, clear count!
i was in the tail section.
they are destroyed by weaknesses from within!
i pray that it leaves me enough time.
you follow a chain of command, right?  yeah.
and stop putting words in my mouth!
now, lets do this.
please listen to me, guru...
im absolutely alone in this dreadful world.
the soviets arent as unified as people believe.
you dont know her, man.
oh, you wanna read your book?
youre just goanna get yourself all worked up.
who is this who hasnt turned to give me a second look?
its all there.
he could be dead for all i know, and that was my fault.
ill be there in five days, dear.
or did we misunderstand him?
why are you hiding from the world?
sarah, we are fine.
what do i think?
youve bright chances of meeting her here.
i dont trust him.
dont do this, okay?
im not asking for your help,jack.
our story begins in a city which you can find very easily on a map.
they didnt have very flattering things to say about you.
what did he want?
this way now.
on the road, on enchanting evenings, i wish to walk with her, resting on her shoulders,
why didnt you see where the car was?
youre upset and i feel for you,
hes with sun.
well, i saw that coming.
i want two guns.
your back is broken.
i promise you.
whats he doing here?
youre marrying the one you love.
chloe, im sure we can do something.
this is not my home.
theres a baby with them. just promise you wont...
not too fast.
dont worry, im okay.
creature growls in distance
racho..forgive me yaar..i was frightened!
look, mom, i made a real rocket based on the macaroni prototype!
wow. i cant believe you just delivered that line with a straight face.
for what now, huh!
i didnt see you get pulled out of the water, either.
dude... quit asking me that.
oh, my god, i gotta call my brother.
chattering over police radio im gonna try the cullens place again.
who the hell is wayne?
sort of wish it was true.
the wicked witch has kidnapped us...
says she knows you but wasnt on our list of family members.
good luck to all of you.
we need to save our pindari brothers first.
take the only thing burrows has left.
i enjoy puncturing tyres.
lucky your daddys a teacher.
are you even listening to me?
you just keep it to that science stuff, all right?
but it wont change the fact that
well, feel free.
surveyors from rickman industries came out screaming...
because the temples not for them, karl. its only for us.
please dont create a fuss here.
a journalist never reveals his sources.
if i dont play, do i still get another drink?
i have a tendency to expedite information flow by being direct.
wait. i gotta prepare.
john there has to be another way.
im with you, okay.
just wasnt you.
didi he has come from india.
i thought youd left.
did you have a bad day?
why would she want to leave the island and risk getting sick again?
come june, its our 40th anniversary.
hereafter youll stay with me.
i dont buy it.
no, youre not.
sure it probably killed... dad.
come open this door!
you didnt have to say that.
you also left out the bit about his grandfather, the man who sent a boat to the island to kill all daddys friends.
i wish it was leah whod stay home.
has he loosened the periodontal ligament yet?
walk to the window.
what we do is we bring em in.
we need to put pressure on it.
hey, im not angry.
burned everything out.
whos to say it wasnt?
inhale. ok, good.
oh, yes, thank you. thanks.
were gonna figure that out.
huh? so what do we do know?  its just for the bags.
you...you make a quality offer... but fire king has a... prior committment...!
which means weve gotta get him on board.
yeah, thatd be something, lana.
security found this while screening your cargo.
derek here is gonna take some elimination prints.
im gonna fix this.
he seemed real.
but ill have what i owe you at noon.
did walt ever appear in a place he wasnt supposed to be?
i was pretty freaked out about that back there.
..u lost the watch?
i ask you for your forgiveness.
i guess youre going back to metropolis, then.
okay, well, lets go.
i wont if you dont want me to.
therapys... been rendered useless.
get back here now!
moving there now.
so i took a shortcut.
dont tell father anything else.
they made boxes.
we can move forward on that street, we can move in reverse, but we cannot ever create a new street.
im gonna kick your little ass, you pussy!
you locked it down with inmates still out of their cells?
if thats what you want, fine.
if 5,000 people came out to see a piece of mold, how many people do you think would come here to see you?
this is my curse!
ive got good news for you.
i mean, youd think that everyone packs a hairbrush...
chari ruined my happiness.
i think the secret service got to her.
weve got reports of a missing person at county memorial.
what are you looking up there?
or getting a tan out by the pool with that hot lifeguard. ohh.
what to do?
they just dont know it yet.
jonathan, go talk to kyle. get this cleared up.
uh, we dont allow jalopies in this race, mr...
i just dont want to see you get hurt.
yue the fire nation is here.
stay away from the kids.
you must be rose.
i wish you didnt have to go.
take your coffee.  have you added it?
i probably should get home.
uneducated viiiager. poor
we didnt go on the tiltawhirl.
but your money?
you butt out, beezus.
and the reason behind it, this three inch long cigarette.
these rich and spoilt brats are like this only?
nemo, all new explorers must answer a science question.
because you showed me no respect.
what else did he ask?
fear.....is for prey!
l m glad i was here.
son, my guess is it was a leaky fuel line.
nothing happened, john.
wont you change your heart?
youre starting to make me regret volunteering.
you, sir, can i get you anything?
with a k at the end.
are your parents here?
come out, come out, whoever you are.
oceanic 815... to crash on this island.
corner of grand and hayes.
then out of your life, my sister goes!
locke i didnt go through it.
if you got me another one of these.
because,mom,the last time i tried to talk to you,
mark of a chef
get this place boarded up!
it made me really dizzy, yet i wanna do it again.
this is my father.
after last night, ive got internal affairs asking me more questions than i want to answer.
i was a...regional collections supervisor for a box company.
i mean i wouldnt possibly drink the same coffee that you drink just in case yours spilled.
people like us dont get such a chance.
youve come a long way since we met..
speaking of which, wheres the latest edition?
is it your fathers house?
that fellow in night kicks seniors and in day irritating director, im telling u if we stay with him...
i do not!
i saw your bag.. my bag, so..
he said that he would fax me whatever information he found.
i dont know what to say, mr. luthor.
the boats all yours, brother.
and how does 1 50 sound?
thats how they go through solid objects?
he knows where were going.
well, i remember. excuse me, miss...
l found her in a bikini.
i do know how to drive.
where will i go?
how did i get so lucky to have two brave girls like you?
ive got to go tell her.
im taking pictures for the bulletin board.
shes at lanas. theyre inseparable these days.
yesterday, she was talking to our dad.
that is the problem.
we need to survive.
but even if i had not been indian..
id like some fresh, clear, well seasoned perspective.
scared that you will fail?
he didnt know that i was the notetaker for the class. he still doesnt.
lie! they both are lying.
you know why?
whats wrong now?
our dress will be black pant and white shirt.
anyone we know?
im not gonna let you give up.
whats going on?
ive been a coward.
i was in grad school.
he washes dishes or takes out the garbage.
heres your beans, beans.
wiggling your toes.  good jake.
abdi, you need to be sure.
are you the gentleman with the taxi waiting for him?
ill pick you up in six hours.
speak up  l was coming in to take the order..
okay.. is there any other motel nearby?
what if shes an electronic parasite that haunts artificial intelligence?
my heart says that aunts prediction will come true.
dont worry, i got you covered.
well, thats great but...
they believe the boy is there.
it was right here!
pete, you throw that rubber spider again and im going for my staple gun.
i ship out for basic training saturday night.
they put 1,000 toys in front of me and asked me to choose four.
i got nothing in my hand!
whats the matter with you?
should i call the men to arms?
dont ever break my trust.
on the 3rd ive to go to delhi for a adfilm shooting..
what happened to him?
i mean, you come out here, everybody out here is like hungry wolves, and you act like two little lambs?
dr. shephard? youre all right?
no, no, its his
standing by where?
what about me?
we have a problem.  you cant go.
he didnt burn your raft.
and what happens if you wake up tomorrow and remember something else?
but its restricted...
i found this in the wreckage, and i figured, hey, why let a 20,000 watch go to waste?
the hell he is. your boss works for the ceo and the ceo works for the shareholders.
right in front of me, right in front of my eyes, man...
good to see you.
im going back to the jungle to talk to our friend with the beard.
wheeler, we made it!
you got it?
but if i dont say something now, things are liable to get downright embarrassing.
i guess we found sayid.
i need this highway contract. i dont get it and i go under. thats a fact.
where is he?
because fate has entitled me to a lot more.
youre going to watch that again?
things are finally returning to normalness.
visual inspection of the body and xray analysis confirms homologous but possibly mutated mammalian physiology.
have you seen claires bags?
where are your friends?
fuck you, miller! this shit is gonna stop!
gentleman, on your marks, get set...
can i help you?
i cursed her under my breath while every day
clear the platform.
you look like youre carrying the weight of the world.
my first brother from india has come.
5 years ago, he had written this letter to his favorite wild life photographer!
because shes close to the victim,
why would they let someone like that stay here?
without oxygen,they cant breathe either. kitt,were bringing you in hot.
dont let them bring her back.
it is. its just...
he and dad tease each other.
my mother wasnt around much.
whatever hes doing, tell him to stop.
and the full spectrum of human emotion.
you gotta find a shield!
you do not wanna kill me.
staff sergeant, we got an exit! come on, were going!
how are you feeling, by the way?
we are champions in kidnapping girls.
thats why im stopping you.
you dont know my father.
im sorry, lu.
shut up and get out.
but i can clear your misconception.
we are officially aproofed.
so the legend is true
not quite your department i guess
please, dont die on me.
oh! now i understand why the possum boys..
yes, eh... handfishing.
why dont you... here...
you shot him with an arrow?
whats going on?
oh, now that makes sense, dont it?
read this now.  aah!
so when are you donating blood?
with the kings permission, it has been decided..
she just wont admit it to herself.
she got into the car.
what do you call a piece of white trash who couldnt pass the cops exam and now makes less than a mailman?
we were on a plane.
stats are dropping.
hey, lose the grin, jacob.
its great, its just
all i see is a roadblock!
im looking for someone. a guy named lincoln burrows.
so i was preparing this mule for tonight, but you caught him out in a second!
ill show you all the evidence you need tonight.
hes in charge of this island.
our nation, too, has a legacy of evil with which it must deal.
thats what i said!
why were you reading up on the president?
im a clinical psychologist.
make a choice.
in exchange for your discretion of course
every plant is putting up a brandnew car.
wait until theyre over the water to fire the microwave gun.
it has d on it, it means don, right?
would you add this to your outgoing mail?
with holy marks on forehead.
youre all worked up from being so creative. breathe.
dont you follow me.
then tell me, ponce de len, which way are we supposed to go?
shes 1 40 feet high, 60 feet wide.
im sorry about all the theatrics, but i didnt know how many of you thered be or whether youd be armed.
so i started thinking about you and me, our plan, and going home.
tell her i said hi.
what does that mean?
whats past is past.
i thought the plan was abruzzis jet.
if you say, forget him i can even behead his father.
say it proudly.
no, its too soon.
is this what you call cleaning?
but... what did i do that was so bad?
you didnt give a thought to whether the girl will be able to understand... our culture... our traditions.
a minute ago, that boat was coughing black smoke.
yes, ive gone mad.
a 12yearold ben linus brought me a chicken salad sandwich.
his name is on a list.  a list?
if we cut through here, well get there faster.
i dont want to waste batteries.
you knew about this.
im going back.
i need them to believe that you didnt give it up easy.
are you sure you understand what you re taking upon yourself...
i called the house earlier, but your mom said you were asleep.
grimes! youre with chalk four?
he suffered massive internal injuries.
how are things going? things okay there, struecker?
yeah, well... lts the luck of the draw.
frank, this is oscar galvin vp of operations, patched in at his request, open mike.
where did she go?
higher, daddy! higher!
how dare you ask me to go back?
hes gonna squeal.
what are you doing out here?
and stay here, ethan.
i understand something about working with family.
ditomasso is in the adjacent structure.
i know, okay. ive got one flare. one flare.
when was the last time you did this?
who appointed you our saviour, huh?
were thrilled to have you.
shes all yours, pal.
correct. thats where north should be.
we must give thanks and ask that your loins be abundantly fertile.
dont argue with me!
but youre asking for a federal courtesy in a state penitentiary.
everything was fine until victoria got there.
we can handle 20 outofcontrol inmates easier than 300.
if you trust my dad, cant even become a constable.
do u know..actually you never had loved him at all!
were not staying on!
something i think he learned from you.
i just set the pressure and hit the button?
the royal bloods filled with so much rage..
when we first crashed here,
who? whos naomi? ive got it.
shes her mothers spitting image.
you got to trust someone!
nobody recognizes him?  no.
no, i play.
were trying to get a lock on your signal there, but were getting some rf interference.
but why congratulations?
hope to reconnect with antwerp, budapest.
i dont know how you did it, but youre gonna pay.
because im your responsibility.
i mean, they clipped my wings.
because im special and unique!
lt isnt usually like this.
could you check the balance of my account for me?
thats what this is about?
..but all thats left are these patches of baldness.
..the president elect in his first presidential tour..
ok. weve to wait for three days.
give me your hand
hello, i agree you know to drive. for that dont tease me.
its oceanic 815.
the numbers dont add up, caitlin.
that was just my senior quote.
you look like youve got the weight of the world on your shoulders again.
i actually made it to 4,348.
cant you put him out of his misery?
i see into you...
its coming right at us.
but it will take some time to get it...
you dont understand!
come on, were on a clock here.
so your mom...
wheres my money?
well, at least we know some of you can handle a blade.
shh shh shh. wait wait.
oh my bhattu!
out wandering the streets of smallville?
theres a boat... it can save ya!
id better call my housekeeper.
they gave me a list.
is something wrong?
you tell me.
leave him yaar..hell keep sayin anythin leave it..the good news is ur name is not ranchhodas chhanchad imagine.... after marriage i would be pla chhanchad!
hey, thats mine.
its because of the hatch.
the mayor has bought up all the land in the valley, except for your ranch, miss beans.
if you had a problem, why didnt you call me?
give me your hand.
what if im doing this because im angry?
okay, everybody knows how to play.
i dont want to say anymore.
what happened with you and tommy?
you know what surprises me the most about them?
they are called many names yin and yang, push and pull.
no ones here.
youre actually saving me from a weekend of misery anyway, so its... good talk, yeah.
hey, henry, you look thirsty!
guess who i learned that from?
hey, dad, did you see that?
what are you building?
the people can help you, i know it.
all right, lets get everyone out of here, especially him!
i havent really thought about it.
nothing to say?
jakes gonna kill us.
we dont make spectacles of ourselves, and we dont kill conspicuously.
and say what exactly?
we all have to work, shannon.
hes with me.
look at ross. he doesnt have natural talent...
and then the light came.
hobart was right!
you are the ranger who kills my people?
tanis, you seem anxious
dont compare yourself with a respectable mannequin.
you can pick it up!
wont say a word.
im not sure i know what youre getting at, john.
sweetie, whats wrong?
youd be surprised.
luthor doesnt seem like the kind of guy that would just pay up and then walk away.
yeah, thats the one.
a way off the island.
ive got your gear over here.
and thats why you must stay here.
1 7, everybodys a winner.
now can i do my work?
im dead already.
yes, but i still trust her.  why?
hey, i need to talk to you.  youre drunk.
what about your kids?
what did the doctor say?
kevin peterson, please dial 9.
i want you to stay close to mr. acton. hes carrying a great deal of cash.
the answer is no. he never made it off the plane.
aang, we have to go.
my son was one of a kind.
hes not. and how do you know?
how did he do that?
you can tell me atleast now, whats your problem?
i dont know if footballs for me.
i named her megan.
its not bullshit.
hold this for mommy.
sighs  do you like your teacher?
can i help you with something?
aight, g. here they come.
hope everyone is decent.
for you two, circling above it at 500 feet, its imperfect.
its good, right?
this is your lovely puppy.
how are we gonna get the boat close?
police shouldve imagination too along with investigation.
its the quality that all great leaders possess.
breathe in, all the way.
clark! how do i look?
5050.  pretty funny. and if it does?
the boy hasnt finished his gin.
if it was up to me, it would be pizza and loud music with my friends.
billy,figure out how to put out this damn fire.
and i have cancelled all the credit cards.
my love has concrete feet
i havent gone over there yet.
not another escape plan.
before i knew how great it was.
we dont have a choice shreya!
i know what you mean.
what good is it at home if you cant relax in it.
im a good businessman. no hard feelings?
lincoln, we have a problem.
300,000 buys you one share.
i know what youre about, phelan. lex luthor told me.
looks okay to me.
takin on the jellies.
ever since the day you left bhaiyya... mother has only seen you through his eyes.
of course its gonna work.
see, this junction here reroutes some of the springs water flow into a couple of suspended basins.
mr. keamy, i was hired to fly scientists.
im not lying!
what you got there?
id be as indictable as you for laundering that money.
i should have come on my own.
the news thinks you did this.
i get them directly from cairo.
a call saying youre being held up.
i need you to go back to oxford university.
i want to leave room for some pucker!
i cant believe i let you talk me into putting this in there.
but when that idiot opened his mouth, then a miracle happened!
but its something, right?
hi, im looking for a patient thats in recovery named kevin peterson.
i feel for you,john.
i wont change my surname after marriage, hanh?
eat, if youre hungry. or kill me if you think im a foe.
what are you doing in mombasa?
healthy and sweet.
this cant happen to me.
right on time.
you think youre one of them?
i cant go with you.
i should be going.
just tell me what you know about molten phenol.
its not you im worried about.
shit, man, here he come!
in pure hindi!
imagine what that poor family is going through. i cant.
i need your word you aint gonna do nothin to her.
did they say anything?
look at me without speaking a word,
you probably couldve left off the last bit.
i mean, youre my best friend.
watch your head.
you two mustve supported him a lot, isnt it?
i wont spare this pitambar.
i cant find it.
where sun go, i go.
my sister is my life.
just some of me. lets get out of here. come on.
i miss you a lot, papa.
sorry about your friends.
i was out in the jungle, and i...
this is about my boss?
cause you aint a fish no more.
i got a 1 0gallon hat marked down from 15.
lfl hadnt watched those beautiful girls... how would i have found you?
he doesnt want me talking to you, and i know you probably think im crazy, but i have a message for you and i promised to deliver it.
how long have you known he was your dad?
that you stole food from the group?
thank god, youre fine.
down for a couple days, then he bounces back.
let go of my leg. come on.
how do i know you werent sent here on some suicide mission?
the guy needs to be locked up!
are you still there?
are you sure thats what he said?
i think i am falling apart.
are you coming to khandala?
what do you want?
though you know that pindaris..
are you home?
about six years ago, so its a long shot.
my name is aang.
so we get the guns and we go.
i wouldnt be able to break your ego.
theres nothing here.
i know youre hard up for reading material.
honey, are you okay?
we have won.
havent you ever wanted to be part of something special?
her name is nadia.
lm all coach, all the time.
theresa falls down the stairs.
thats ok. its washandwear.
im away from my cell.
honestly, if we had known your problem..
lets eat and talk.
or maybe we are moving so fast..
..but three wishes.
i owe you an apology.
come on then, shuffle the cards.
do you accept this unspeakably important task
never had to try to poke one with a sharp stick.
but the case, they made him check it.
has he gotten hold of any yet?
cant even raise yourself.
im coming with you.
nanny, bring my grandson here quickly.
its time we exchange our hearts.
his name is madhapur machiraju, land dealings, settlements, illegal activities, hes a don who runs kangaroo courts.
chari, tell him take away the body.
well, simply stated, wilton knight was my friend as well as my employer.
what are you doing here?
it has a population of 30,000.
following the example of wilhemina..
nice day for a swim.
you want to pull those pcls offline or what?
we just walked over a fresh grave.
and during work i dont talk.
i cant very well look it up.
for healthy babies!
dont worry, god is there!
well, if one us wouldnt eat more than his fair share!  oh, thats bull, and you know it!
no space to think in that broom cupboard.
aladin, i am so sorry.
anyways you can leave, okay.
so thats michael dawsons son, huh?
whats going on, first sergeant?
madam, we are on the way.
you have kids?
im leaving in ten minutes, taking the next group to the freighter.
jesus! they all want me dead, now you, too?
can we get another tequila and tonic, please?
oh my yeah thats right
if you want that black book come to vardha house immediately.
howd you like to lose a tonne or two of that?
i think its time to accept that we live here.
doesnt seem that hard
his name is jack. hes our doctor.
if i go, who will stand here?
so i guess were going with you.
your passport and ticket. youre going to germany tomorrow.
come on. this is my car.
because i need some kind of proof, some kind of verifiable, empirical data.
sign me up, then, baby.
hell tear the cover and start dreaming.
you got your grift so pat what did you need my money for?
relax, nobodys gonna find out.  guys? what...?
you mean to say, we dont have to fight the battle.
i mean, there might be all sorts of security cameras around.
..varied multicultural events over the next five days period.
yes, sir, thats exactly what id do.
i can be extraordinary.
you lost already?
mr. scofields insurance policy from his previous employer hasnt lapsed yet.
i finally get it.
maybe this isnt the best way.
give..give me ur tie!
you were the one i was stumbling around dresden with trying to find a fix.
are you don seenu?
lets hope so. well know in a couple hours.
sorry. all my stuff.
tiffany, listen to me a sec.
well, i couldnt care less what that bungler plissier slops into his perfumes.
they say you pick everything you find.
i dont know, something to do.
the police have any leads?
oh my, god. what now?
bring sun back?
i never expected ill ever fall in love.
ill go get jack.
go outside, find out whos calling.
make a fast buck if we had to that progressed into getting arrested, and...
you have anyone to talk to?
you know, its not hard to understand why they might think were hostile.
you can believe that theres law and order in this town.
im all right. im fine.
what if you get hurt playing?
eta to target, four minutes.
why am i supposed to believe?
i want off this planet.
and i got to get to the airport.
you must manage it.
thas why he wont change me?
i dreamed of having a brother or sister someone to talk to, help fill the silence.
charlie came by my tent before.
i have to meet the president.
while at last, for jeanbaptiste, the mysterious secret of the perfumers craft began to unfold.
wedding is tomorrow and bride got kidnapped today.
the lamp, genius, belongs to me..
i was just at the right place at the right time.
he truly loves you, thats why he told you the truth.
well, that was 12 years ago. and it was his father.
youre not even capable of...
something tells me thats pretty much all the forgiveness shes got left in her bag.
whats your hurry, pal?
you punched the president?
put me under an electric blanket?
thank you, sir.
check out the paper.
we called them the others. they started attacking us.
dont do it. shes bluffing.
a real fucked up dumb shithead movie.
were you flirting with her?
for a bit.
did they take her?
yes, we are.
so, you and i, were not gonna see each other for a while, walt.
mike cool. yeah.
they dont understand all of this...
it gets better.
sir, all missiles have been fired.
thats what well find out when we ask dr. know.
can cari lucas hold on to win his freedom?
smart fellow, aint he?
the eventual result of which was our nations collapse,
then whyd he leave?
where did he go away?
can you breathe okay?
i dont want to add to a public hysteria thats gonna cost lives.
very mild, commonly used in situations like yours.
im leaving new york.
look, the closer it gets, the more im worried that the bottom is gonna fall out of this whole thing.
last week, she poured applesauce on her head...
60 barrels of oil would be obsolete if that thing ever hit the mainstream.
how long has he been there?
because after all this time, you and i are finally friends, and i dont wanna lose that.
that and a big goddamn poster.
i think you should let him go.
and if even that doesnt give you any answers... close your eyes and think ofyour parents.
well, guess what... now, i want some freakin answers!
he told us how he left there in a storm on appa, and got forced into the ocean where they almost drowned.
well done with claire, mate.
that was not our agreement.
everyone in town knows the old bird lunches at the lexington every day.
im gonna get my car, help me move him over.
you know, the last time i ran a fare out this far, the meter read about 300 bucks.
youre joining the crew in fiji as a deckhand.
sounds like a plan.
its for the football team.
its not there yaar!
anybody come at you yet?
so i told you if you looked around you might find her.
unlike a certain socalled friend of mine your parents gracefully agreed to be interviewed.
its us for the escape.
his lawyerjust filed on you for excessive force.
we learned things from building the first one, which is saving us from trial and error.
there may actually be survivors, and youre one of em a passenger.
how would you know?
lines of two, i said!
look after yourself.
like a medical station.
look out! look out!
if by plans you mean murdering him, john, i assume youd want to keep that a secret.
papa, its just a charade. its not real.
wheres the 7th?
always finish the enemy.  but im aladin.
you like what you see?
he was dead already.
but listen to your mother.
okay,uh,queen of diamonds.
know what im sayin?
like a rock.
i said not now.
nothing is registering.
if he doesnt tell the truth, ill kill him.
come on, man, you follow an excon whos no good for the bank job to, what, a hotdog stand?
sorry sir i was born in uganda, n studied in pondicherry!
you know the drill, we get these beautiful facilities mit gets americas great minds of today, teaching their great minds of tomorrow.
isnt she up to your mark and expectations?
i must find her.
what about karl and leon and martin?
it leads somewhere.
i didnt realise she...
not much of a search grid, but we never would have found you otherwise.
you just stay put, sweets. we can sort this all out.
she collapsed in my arms.
he said that if you said that he has commitment papers for me to sign.
you should have called. its so weird just running into you here.
why am i not just telling her?
dan, youre back.
take it easy.
didnt you suspect anyone?
i mean, shit you wouldnt believe.
next is ruby hirsch.
by the way, i brought by some pictures for your parents.
you know, grandpa..
whatever mistakes i made, ive paid for them and then some.
lets put it to a vote.
okay, okay, i m sorry.
my guru getting old?
theres something i gots to tell you.
hes yashodharas brother.
i said move along.
no. no, he didnt.
youre not good enough in bed to win this one.
im totally lost in love.
you dirty rogue, come out.
we were totally unprepared for this.
there was no couple in los angeles.
well, id offer to knock you out and carry you, but were here.
no, this man wasnt shot.
i cant believe how crazy that was.
im sorry, could you say that louder, please?
when you will see the ad then..
they misunderstood me, fools!
ill see you on monday.
i didnt mean...
you gonna be okay?
i knew... i knew this was gonna happen.
my daughter will return!
whats going on brother? long time no see.
you must have a hell of a closing,melissa.
arent you coming, phyllis?
well, animal shelter probably came and got her.
come on. uh, um...
there you go.
were going after him.
one of those dots.
wholl pay fees?
get charlie. ask everyone you can find what their blood type is.
lets swing around on the next bridge and recalibrate.
...hes gonna come.
... andbecauseiwouldnever lie to you...
how long were you stuck there?
youre not taking him!
im not gonna need these anymore.
afternoon, mr. scofield.
are they gone?
hey. they had problems long before he had your abilities.
now how in the world would i know all that?
i got to go back in the block, but youre gonna be here today, right?
he doesnt even know that rahul was not born to yash and nandini.
..when you were exchanging the bag.
this is the recipe.
did you live all alone in a miserable tower? did you cry yourself to sleep every night, waiting for a true love that never came? !
i usually take my sandwich in the library.
what do people do?
great. maybe they got a flight out of here to vegas tonight.
past is always influencing the present.
does she still have that pink hair?
were gonna get you out of there, okay?
you said no.
no. not much to it, really.
its just a friendly suggestion.
he used to tell me how beautiful i looked to him.
oh, no, no, no, no.
give me a defensive perimeter so we can load the wounded.
bruno, have you unpacked everything?
im coming by later.
well, sometimes bad things happen to good people.
but shes going after rousseau with or without me.
do you know gujarati?
... fancy.  do i know you?
what you said.
do not dont
if my example can be of any service,
and i thought if he wanted me...
what happened to you?
its all business for you.
where did you get these?
watch suhass fiance, she is gonna become doctor, and shes wearing a watch just costing 200 bucks?
apparently, its a big deal.
no. its not a problem.
i have already figured it out.
theres a company up there doing some very exciting things in chemistry and new technologies.
they just showed up and they aint seen it, either.
so, how about you try me?
you only live once, right? thats what im talking about.
or because you beat her.
they got you a cake.
and then they disappeared!
hey, lists, you gotta fix it up there under here.
if these people are right about what theyre about to do, richard...
does it involve you raising 3.2 million?
where are you going?
its the last flight.
can you hear me?
god be with you all.
what do you mean, get outta here?
someone is asking about your soup.
did you see our friendship?
okay, fine. where do you think we should start?
he went this way.
but there was always some part of me that imagined someday shed just show up.
the clock is ticking.
hes asking about the child.
flies, lousy pigs, cows..
does anyone else feel she should be moving in slow motion?
papa i love kissing you..
you will observe how cold water is pumped through here, allowing the essence to condense here... until it finally... appears... here!
well, ive just lost my family, all my friends, probably forever.
okay. ill teach you how to kill time.
but you told her you knew.
you can tell me.
i had no intention of being unfaithful to your mother.
because dont be so pleased with your own, like, selfreferential cleverness, you know?
this is gonna be good. i can tell.
i thought my position was clear.
and do it your goddamn self.
our section cartwheeled, and yet we escaped with nothing but a few scrapes.
now turn on only tt tables n computers light!
well try it again.
we guide misguided youths like him.
you will not bring me down!
oh, god the church is going to fall.
no, but not for lack of bloody trying, which is precisely why you two need to be... hiding before keamy comes back on this deck.
i dont think youre meant to make this flight, dear.
im sorry about walt, dude, but im not coming.
yeah, id like that very much.
dead and gone. his wife is dead.
he got down from nissan 5315.
get back, both of you!
new girl gets the worst shifts.
you had critical information that wouldve died with you.
i mean, maybe the guy just drowned.
shrek! the outhouse is clogged up!
we burned up most of the damn fuel flying around in that storm.
sorry baby. baby.
of luthor... everything incorporated?
i became mother thrice.
i dont want to hurt his feelings.
here, try this
cover me, lockett!
do we know each other?
ok. its rare.
well, why did he leave you?
you think shes lying?
its in the shed?
i just realized that in all the time weve known each other...
... andi knowyouwouldnever be unfaithful to me.
no, youre not, sir.
if i stay here, will you let him go?
so i get your connection to spencer.
you cannot die so easily.
..violently for every trivial matter.
i assure you, it wont hurt.
ill give you 40 and we are quits.
so, oil companies, the saudis, even our own government... a lot of people stood to benefit with steadman out of the picture.
when things calm down,
you teach at the academy.
i think its happening because of this.
jenny is a nice girl.
so, are you done yet?
fell out of his nest over by the plate shop.
and because im your leader.
shell know what to do.
anjali you have to drink this milk...
los zetas, cartel enforcer.
its what im calling him till you give him a name. cause his head looks like a turnip.
dont go that way.
their function is to...
ask me again and its yours.
she loved rajeshwar tiwari, known as guddu
it just got...
ill divide the area into three grids.
no doctor could tell her why i was the way i was.
thats what happened. amanda pulled the trigger.
she is everywhere.
a big bag of rocks fell on my head.
dont move my things.
you got a 20?
and if you dont want to reconsider
place your bets!
we should not meet again.
what is wrong with your leg?
that means that he fired the gun empty and then stopped to reload so that he could shoot each of them again.
at this time... here...
thats what i thought.
damn it, youre putting me behind!
it doesnt matter if we catch him now.
your baby is coming and i need your help.
whos that man?
you will have no place in my house.
mom, this is from deedee.
yeah, i like it.
so flight 815 never crashes.
shouldnt have said that!
dont play with that, youll go blind.
we should let him go.
first ask him to take his vehicle.
you have such beautiful thoughts.
when i get angry l dont change my brief, heart is nothing.
its been so many days since..
your boss put that plane there.
he can take care of himself.
frank is doing oprah.
what do you think of dr. wells?
was anybody in here?
thats not possible.
i live in the house, back there.
he should have killed you with the rest of you family
and now... im paying for my deeds.
ive read comic books with less fiction than your rag.
wait here for two weeks.
well, thats just for now, clark.
itll change a man. oh, yeah.
clark, you are seriously barking up the wrong tree here.
just because im happy doesnt mean that this isnt real, hurley.
sometimes i dream im at school, waiting for nell to pick me up.
i attack chicken and mutton.
otherwise, ill lose face.
bob, im in love.
this is why were here, unobtanium.
eko, it was just a dream. its not safe.
why dont you tell him?  yes, hes your biggest fan,
you mean it keeps them away?
bruno, i just want to see what books herr liszt has given you.
youre closest to my heart.
uh, im daniel faraday, and this is miles
not much. you spent time with her when you went to the black rock.
what was it this time?
s05e15 follow the leader
most new ventures dont make it.
my phone was in my pack.
you know that youre here for a reason.
people will see him.
4 bullets are enough for 4 people, robert.
soon, i expect.
what are you looking at?
dont worry, mr. principal, he hes absolutely fine now.
if you can do it ill just give you a little nick. on your cheek.
you have to change your life, hugo.
you know, if you hadnt been there, he probably would have died, clark.
i will, you sit at home and eat. pick brinjals quickly.
nothing happened to the raft.
the bars show its getting reception.
i just said unhitch me.
thinking about growing a beard.
the truth is, kid, you didnt leave me with a lot of options!
there are few more sensory and motor reflex tests we need to run, so take it easy.
aah!  love a duck!
the police dragged that river for three days, and nary a gun was found so no comparison could be made between your gun and the bullets taken from the bloodstained corpses of the victims.
tina doesnt exist anymore!
im glad well finally be rid of this.
hes not playing a game.
uve beginned this..then u only wil end it!
i need to put you in a hotel.
and then you can tell everyone you resigned, ok?
this is david and goliath, so i gotta ask you, are you sure you wanna do this?
the night that we trapped the reverseflash,
where you guys should never have been?
doesnt matter. what matters is... im going back to the island today.
call me sir.
i dont want to fight with you,daniel.
there was a time when i was known by that name
in search of the longmissing oceanic flight 815.
he just didnt know it.
has the target been destroyed?
took me forever trying to pick it.
were over here!
no matter what he says...
then we started in on the memories.
have all pithres settled in europe?
well, i mean, not yet.
from today, ill raise him like a pure brahmin.
the enemy of my enemy.
hes going to need numbers and a timetable and a better explanation than that.
i can get you peanut butter.  yeah.
a little shake and they runnin.
chavez  walkin a little slow there, arent you, floyd?
you cant just drop them in unprotected.
it is not... hey you keep..
how long does he expect us to wait?
because i need it to be done.
very delayed flight to miami. yeah.
just put in more dimes.
were gonna go look for claire the moment the sun comes up.
whats going on?
through the pantry, the lower shelves.
is there a way down?
he has changed the get up and fooling us.
every story...every wound...
but only until you get us rescued, okay?
why do you care so much?
i hope youre happy.
whered you find them?
why are all of you so scared?
i cant squeeze a drop without sayso.
check notes, photos
do you see anything?
youll die soon enough
where did you find these men?
i didnt mean for this to happen.
no, im on the air phone on the plane.
or give me your cell, and ill call you.
that was before the plumbing started leaking.
this son of pitambar..
i really hope this tree hugging crap isnt on the final.
no one can hear you.
john, please. move your car.
or answering any questions right now.
someone got killed on his block. dragged down the street on fire.
so, listen, now that youre talking and eating again, which, you know, youve got to get that protein in there,
try keeping your left arm straight.
they said you had a meeting.
ooh, been waiting since week one to use that one.
guarantee mirazs death?
what were you thinking?
just not with you.
think so. uh... up yours?
can we focus on whats important?
and i need that coffin to clear customs because theres gonna be a hearse waiting, and i need that hearse...
come on. i wanna show you something.
looks like he was shot in the heart.
there is nothing in any known database on her.
so far, but theyre calling for storms later.
its good to see you.
i keep telling you i dont know who alex is!
i never saw him leave.
for being my wife.
what are you doing up there?
he is supposed to be deployed in afghanistan.
yes, and i know just the place.
and once those guns are out and about, something tells me they aint never going back in.
better than you expected or better than you hoped?
in that case i should return the respect too.
get your things. im not leaving!
hold on, beans.
its got nothing to do with you, okay.
ill test you in math.
i cant be up there killing people, man.
about 500 this morning.
a demolition derby with a car coming out without a scratch is unheard of.
no one wants to be friends with me...
you seen them around anywhere else?
and theyre not strangers, claire. theyre good people.
your name isnt kevin.
dude, are we lost?
not a day passes... not a moment passes when he doesnt remember his parents.
im not your puppet, and youre not my puppetcontrolling guy!
my hands were not...  you cut her artery.
yes, he calls it his tiny chef.
weve picked these trees clean.
i asked him to give the design, because thats my business, he refused, then i flipped through the pages of your dads past, i hit up on your dads close friend dhanraj, i used his friendship to kidnap your father,
now we get to it.
ok, bye guys.
the fire nation is here.
part of it has broken off into nearly three dozen pieces.
ls that a positive id?
if you dont then consider that we arent paying you.
well, itd probably be easier for atticus to get the kid off than to get boo off, thats all.
jack, this is not  by the time i got there, it was clear that my father severed the patients hepatic artery,
maybe you will, and maybe you wont.
we do not have bamboo in iraq, although we do have something similar.
edward was right, i shouldnt have come.
mikhail dropped it off.
why do you keep staring at me?
yeah, id like to see you try.
his day is up.
its called a compromise.
has he ever come to dinner?
...how will they find beera?
i think ive been more than understanding about your goofing off in new york.
how about a little gratitude here?
terror of god, or, even worse, of scandal.
theyre just trying to help. back away from him!
for more than two months, its been scouring the depths of the sunda trench off bali in search of the remains of sunken trading ships.
you provoked me.
none of us do.
their son went missing in seattle over a year ago.
youre gonna lecture us about lying, betty?
theyre here, god damn it!
what kind of errand?
all right. slow and gentle.
i dont know.
so, its simple.
sounds like a great plan to me. what do you say, on three?
a lie isnt a lie if its said for a noble cause..
i know youre overjoyed
the beach curves into a peninsula.
were all mates here, mate.
this newfound selfassurance doesnt suit you, roger.
do you understand, michael?
tanya and her buddies are about to rip off comtron.
design it yourself.
you understand me?
hey, were here!
im sorry. i didnt mean to wake you, mr. dawson.
i need a tux, a cloak with a hood and a mask.
but you can love more than one person at a time.
so how can we stop it?
get off my raft.
wait. wait, my lord.
you want to know the biggest obstacle to my job, clark?
to the girl that you brought by with you that time
i believe what happened was an accident.
lately, hed become much more agitated, and then when you called
tom, i want you to be calm.
i was just heading that way myself.
you got it.
how is hamilton involved in this?
i have a plan, something that will make this all better.
would it kill you to be sensitive?
then who is it?
what do you mean get back here?
what do you want with him?
never able to take human form again
i start spending time with chloe, suddenly you realize she exists and want me out?
that rig was blown for another reason.
i wont do that.
still hanging there like a bat?
its now or never. keep your head down.
isnt that a little 80s, dad, even for you?
mwah!  is he still out there?
after you were injured outside the opera house, when you were under anesthesia, you mumbled the name peter.
i m afraid this really isnt my field.
sometimes, not always.
can woodstock internationals 9year victory spell be broken in just a ball?
let them go out like that?
and the people here.
i read everything about paranormal phenomena, about the occult and...
oh, uh, well, some of us were wondering if maybe we should do  some kind of memorial service or something.
lts been destined so from the heavens...
we are not so dead. were gonna be fine.
so if you wanna kill her, go ahead and
clear and blue.
im going on a hike.
youre talking about the other peter.
hes not a man to run away, if he has run it means he has a plan.
i can probably go saturday. that cool?
look on the bright side, clark. you dont have to hide anymore.
youve been through worse than this. come on, chloe. okay, maybe youre lying.
i have to get my honor back and thats what im running to.
but his assignment will be over soon.
im getting ready for ambush action.
i can go and get it if you need me to.
what you laughing at, bitch?
wilson just put me in charge.
i find it odd that your scripture stick has dried blood on it.
its not a place, its a name.
bring it a little closer, i kind of need the light. thats great.
so, what are you suggesting?
why are you scolding me instead of saying thanks?
where are we going?
boss, it would have been very interesting!
ive been waiting for, like, an hour.
lets give her a rip.
what do you think we should do?
sir, the management has a rule.
are you two still fighting?
no need brother.  no need.
...where encoms chairman, richard mackey, will be launching...
its rightly said, sons have to fulfill their fathers incomplete deeds.
what would you say if i told you the plane they found in that trench wasnt oceanic 815?
you promised wed be together!
whatd you watch?
two days ago, we take off from sydney.
at least he cannot control his savagery
ill bury you and everyone in smallville who takes your side.
i was there for three days.
big deep breaths.
ryan just took off out the back. he looked scared, clark.
i am tired of your excuses.
they say theyre overcome with jealousy.
what we doing?  crows nest!
is this the right way?
remember what you came for.
and a vegetarian.
ill need a hard copy on the flight.
..then i would have taken care of that blackmailer.
i made a mistake, please forgive me.
im getting you to a hospital as soon as possible.
i chose to do this procedure.
god, thank you.
were gonna beat this thing.
you actually activated the bomb?
well, thats all right. i happen to have all the time in the world.
last one ins a rotten egg.
come on! you gotta try this!
sighs  you know, its like that old michael douglas movie.
wheres the moody one, lives upstairs?
can you do that with me?
ive got you, man. come on. got you.
im the fort knox of secrets.
is this good? mm, yeah.
shes glaring at us
about five years worth.
but thats really not the point, is it?
they love their jewelery.
i did things i wish i could erase from my memory, things which i never thought myself to be capable of.
enjoy it. i have nothing else for sale.
we do not.
thats the advantage of being a fighter pilot.
come, come sit with us.
he takes off in a plane in nigeria.
and itll stay that way as long as you keep playing along.
maybe 1206 should just stay on it as a backup.
and seein as how he cant tell the truth about how he got here,
everything here is due to mr. widmore,
im not a friend of tanyas. i just need to find her.
you ready for dinner?
its not about you.
im not lost anymore.
i dont like being treated like a celebrity.
i kept it in my pocket. lt was the only piece of evidence not destroyed in the fire.
he knows a third one too.
he heard them in kalgoorlie. whats kalgoorlie?
care for children, sick and poor grant them, lord, thy blessing more
this guy sings to his cat.
take this jewellery.
my ammi has told me the story.
i mean, who flies with a pregnancy test, right?
wasnt crab, thats for damn sure.
you cant end tyranny on an empty stomach! go on! go!
lets try one for real.
i dont understand.
quite simply, john, there are a lot of secrets around here.
i dont think the cops could handle that much truth.
if we werent natural enemies and you werent trying to steal my reason for existing,
this nice gentleman wants to talk to you, john. so i want you on your best behavior.
sturdy ones, about five feet long.
and besides, even if he was, at least hes still coming out to see me.
who is it?
almost like a sacrifice. oh.
bag him, quick.
which is what exactly?
you were my strength.
is that how you died?
that means youre out on the street alone looking for a job.
now, your fathers in jail on a murder charge.
i know she put me in here for a reason.
tell jin to take charlie and go back to claire.
i just want to say that..
youre a long ways from home, aint ya?
he was carrying nothing but this.... ... and this.
i got caught in a blinding storm once.
you guys scared me...
no running jane! camp rules..
its not your fault, lex.
maybe gusteau in overalls and huckleberry tom hat.
you just... have a little faith.
what did you treat him for?
fridge, second shelf.
but my mother thought it was. thought that jeannie had come back to tell her the accident wasnt her fault,
its in your nature. its what you are.
slap to that rogue!
ill be right back.
you sing very well.
he was warned if markus should ever be killed, all those in his blood line would follow him to the grave
lll forsake everything for you.
bhabhi, whatever you said then was said in anger.
this isnt a cooler for cooling down the place.
i remember when that was you.
were running out of time, charlie.
so, yes, i lied.
you asked to let you go.
i cant thank you enough for this.
they help others.
your daughterinlaw is here!
ill show you.
hey. no, no, no.
you can ask jacob all about it when we go to the cabin.
well, sir, its slowing down.
today we are in tight spot.
hope he doesnt get surplus sealer at the portal terminus.
catch much today?
you see, he has a photo of mine.
beezus, wheres the bank gonna take our house?
this guy giving you trouble, sis?
you going back there alone?
i like that.
we need to get you inside immediately.
all of it.
you will create for me a new line of chef skinner frozen foods.
nothing is gonna happen to you. nothing. i wont let it.
so what if it isnt gold?
let me go! get your hands off me!
sorry about bruce, mate.
i love geronimo jackson.
start digging, well see who buries alive who.
i thought you controlled your own destiny.
wont he bang it?
what good would it be to kill you... if were both already dead?
and you created them?
you wont believe it.
hes a flying lemurbat.
she was good for him.
she was only sick for about a week.
there is no hunting like the hunting of a man.
hold on, man. what is this?
im a resourceful guy.
i never seen such a sorrylooking heap of maggot shit in all my life.
clark, youre not the flying type.
rascals..rascals all of u!
theres problems in all walks of life.
call your bank. see if your account still exists.
hey, ramona, wait up!
you dont want to help anybody but yourself!
germain. oh, maya.
its not fair that this happened to her.
what will i become?
i think youre going to be amazing.
i want you all to scour this city until we find joe.
show us whats in the bag.
im fucking present. ive been present in this shithole for two fucking months.
what did i do to who?
frankenstein most certainly exists, and he will be in the race tomorrow.
please dont get up.
the man at the bar.
they come here every day to sleep?
baldini agreed to provide them, on condition that grenouille left him not less than 100 formulas for new perfumes.
i havent slept since this whole thing happened.
what happened to her?
her grandmother passed away.  cynthia?
i too have that tension.
yeah, sure, boss.
were eating dinner
do you think if you take over luthorcorp daddy will finally give you the respect you deserve?
right now, one thing is clear
welcome to buckingham palace.
who said life was fair?
im an mba from london.
iii be the one who wiiifinish this raavan
thats not what i asked.
looked like you getting your ass kicked.
i kicked and i fought, and i just ran as fast as i could.
please! well lose.
so im gonna go back to reading my book, and im gonna think, cause thats how i saved your ass today.
here in the mojave desert, animals have had millions of years to adapt to the harsh environment.
...may i present
tell him, who i am.
excuse me, but is that a fucking piranha?
what... so all of a sudden...?
its my lunch hour. i can play a game.
we need to have a little chat.
i will wait.
all the cash is in the front truck.
you and locke have been leaving before sunrise and coming back after dark.
feel my touch.
anything you wanna share?
hes taking us all to hell!
come on, lover boy!
the carnivals closed this time of year. its perfect to hide someone.
i dont have her stuffed down the front of my pants right now, sorry to say.
yeah, i can feel it.
hanna. your turn.
for the worlds more full of weeping than you can understand
he went to get some food...
i think its goin down.
okay, when is your interview?
one quick question.
is that what you ordered?
he saved me.
all the oceanic six were all dead.
hes right, nate.
ill pay to get that fixed for ya.
but i need a little help here.
i ordered myself some right fancy duds.
i will need you to collect some dna samples from the boy.
why do you want me to kill jacob, john?
does that seem unfair to anyone else?
i think so.
can you open your eyes for me?
i dont know whats come over me.
i may look a little strange to you..
good evening, and welcome to death race.
they didnt see us so we stay here and stay quiet..
locke went back to the beach, so ill be taking the next shift.
by the way d...j...
wasnt gonna let the man fight my fight.
this was going to be my way home.
well be right back.
perhaps one who has some experience in these matters.
thinking, thinking of you
hows it going?
dont you know what couldve happened...?
i must agree not your father.
you changed my days and nights forever,
hes inquiring about you.
and once we have our privacy, we can get back to business.
now, you run.
but you wanna protect them, you need to think defence.
how can anyone be so frightened?
i was with the chechnya.
im sorry, john.
if he touched the stuff, itd kill him.
..and blindly trusted you.
we want to hear everything about your adventures.
mama whos coming?
i couldnt do it.
whats not here?
you all right? every time i come up here now its the red pajamas.
those trees look really familiar.
thats impossible. hed be 26.
otherwise, my voice might stir up your hearts.
which gives arthur three minutes.
super 62, take up an overhead pattern to provide sniper cover.
went in the drink with the rest of the...
is just not normal, this behavior.
what are you even doing home?
to get some water.
john, you okay? im fine.
good afternoon sir, i have the briefing papers from the colonels office.
probably she doesnt want to sell it to pay her medical bills.
very, very loud. not nice, not nice.
so, whats his story?
these f18s are very different than the jets you piloted.
good morning, lucas.
my love. i here.
yeah, looks like were gettin outta here.
if we repent,
dont fool me!
think of this place like a map of the u.s.
can he tell us how to bring jin and the rest of our people back here?
but how can l, jenny?
can i go with you? i mean,
want me to crawl out and ask?
im gonna go look for him.
little white pills.
so you have a fly on the tire of bicycle b,
im a scientist but i also teach children means you are the phunshuk wangdu?
lm not a doctor.
i see youve met ryan.
wat happened..u had an an accident?
you have some news for my nephew?
i just had to take care of a few things.
no, john, its not.
is that your girlfriend?
becky cooper was a nightmare of a high school girlfriend,
where are you sending them?
you can always add it to the wall of weird.
i believe that you wont drink again. but cigarette.
woman you look beautiful.
aaron is my family, too.
ok, ok. i love you. i gotta go.
ok, lets get what we need and go
i didnt want her to go through it with me.
kate is going with you.
theyll get disturbed.
stella, im really sorry. just listen to me.
and theyve gone back to their normal lives.
is respect for the dead!
youre over the line.
the world got no use for you.
regardless of what you may have read in the tabloids, there have never been any spacecraft recovered by our government.
check the news and find out what the hell is going on.  terry..
read about it in kalpanas own words.
then all of a sudden, he was screaming.
but what if you are supposed to be together?
make sure our guys have the entrance set, his security takes it from there.
um, he came to deliver lunch to the work crew. lunch?
this character wasnt there in my inquiry.
i have left some broken bonds back home pooja that can only attain the status of a family through my elder brother.
you never have to be that again.
they are twins.
there was an incident involving your son and lexs porsche and a bridge.
you got one minute.
last night, in the jungle.
shell elope with her.
no, but its been a while.
so, shut up and rub.
what did you hear?
how about you get on a boat, go home and end of story.
wouldve been great. like a secret mission.
this time, good triumphs, and the moon has been returned to its rightful place in the sky.
communications stayed up for three minutes.
go on, margaret. get up there!
my fathers obsessed with the daily planet.
the coroners office just installed.
you look like you got clipped pretty good.
i was forced to ask arun to fire the gun..
i get really hungry after the dance.
what are you doing here, danielle?
oh, i  i know. i
there are people on roof.
if not things wouldve gone wrong.
because we saw whats up there!
calm down, my boy.
you know how great hes?
dont give him the money.
convince the employees to take out a second mortgage?
how have you survived up here for so long?
because whenever i need him, hes there.
i thought you were dead.
whats the matter with you?
park the car this side.
you kidnapped chloe so you could take credit for finding her?
ok, call him puppy.
oh,my god. it is you.
so, dee dee, thank you for staying late. how long have you been cutting hair?
if you want.
this is my last deal with you.
im going to have a brother!
is that what happened to mr. merrimack?
thats what happens when you dont sleep.
back off, jack. shut it!
hey! my name is abdul!
only 25 dollars extra, to be a part of history.
that too specially made by dear anjali.
i got a bead on you, stranger.
its all over the damn place!
its tough out there in the big world all alone, isnt it?
i like twinkies too.
i dont expect the telmarines will keep their word.
there was a time when i let you choose whether or not you were gonna do this to yourself.
well, in order to satisfy the needs of the collective, the hero must abandon the self and solidify his image as an icon that will forever be remembered.
phelan came back after you were arrested.
griselda, seriously, its time to pay the piper.
10, 8... slow slow... six, four, two, one, and contact.
what kind of signs?
yeah. i was gonna ask caitlin.
all due respect,
where the lions weep.
youre gonna run out.
go eavesdrop elsewhere.
what are corn dogs?
what about you guys in here?
whatever it is, from now lets do it together.
its been too much.
not gonna cut it.
he loved his soccer shoes so much that he would sleep in them.
i lost my wallet, but thats par for the course. lts lookin good.
were meeting melissas fiance.
since you like to look at pictures.
thank you, aunt bea.  mmhmm.
heroin and coke?
you can resend it.
not all girls, apparently.
how many times will you get me into fix?
shes a real charmer.
its a music box, but its broken.
i cant say i understand what youre going through, but... i know what it feels like when you lose family.
yeah, but lex said that was all in our past. he promised.
dont bother. theyre safe. i sent rousseau, alex and karl away yesterday.
you know, cause youre the one thats gonna have to live with them.
are you afraid of me?
dorian wouldnt really barter his soul.
i am proceeding with those activities but in point of actual fact all i really want to do is have intercourse with you as soon as possible.
so, what time are you working at the store tomorrow?
the queen of england is..
either you cooperate and join the party in dharmaville, or youre on your own.
nothing can be done now.
jacobs a natural. you see him phase on the fly?
why did you turn the fucking braker!
gee, you wanna tell him, kate?
keep it with you, its for you only.
its twisting my ankle. ow! ow!
well bury them tonight then well figure out whats next.
we learnt something about human behaviour tat day if ur friend fails, u feel sad!
we were young men together.
what do you see?
ryan, everythings gonna work out. i know it.
where am i to go?
yes, i do.
i wish...mom was here.
what are you all gawping at?
photos are a bit over the top, but i like what youve done with the place.
were safe now.
why dont you do it with me.
souls dont need tickets and passports.
get off me!
just take the money and sign!
my daughter will return alive!
spinach is for rabbits, people and popeye.
if its keeping you up, it is.
if this news reaches majors ears?
first, you push me away, then you come looking for me.
and i still havent figured out what to get lana for her birthday.
can you help me again?
so, what were you and sawyer arguing about?
those rambo guys are taking ben to that helicopter.
snarling  walt, hang in there, okay?
i believe you called.
two minutes, tom, please.
ross, were getting a game together.
as for my next trick, i need someone to pick a card.
no sign of our people.
why did you let that con beat you?
but nothing fundamentals changed.
i can only say..
next thing i remember, i was waking up in metropolis general completely bald.
thats a hell of a lot less than he deserves.
helicopter blades whirring
with the omaticaya people.
will you step out of the car please, lonnie?
ill cancel the meeting.
this is inspector david.
where did you get him from?
ive got these two amazing friends who both happen to be girls.
shell be here friday to pick you up.
now you drink, cause youve kissed a man.
the lashup was a no go.
you pay for his beds, much less his militia.
hey hey dont take tension yaar, well top the exams yaar, nothin is impossible!
all right, make another right.
i never realized how beautiful it was until now.
not as a date thing, more of a friend thing.
hes a great guy.
you want to help your friend?
son, we dont wanna be here any more than you do, and your pal saddam had to go marching into kuwait.
look, im not about to jump off a cliff after someone who doesnt exist.
clark, you okay?
give the phone back
keep up the good fight, guys.
let me call mike.
no, i didnt.
this room is yours...
what, i have?
and it could happen just with the push of a little button.
shes almost here.
you see, because i still cant figure out why you were out on route 90 at 1000 at night.
i could see in your eyes that your lips were lying about hunger.
to make his mind even more sharper, he used to eat some bengali babas pan, and he used to leave his hot air!
uh. thats far enough.
the people who hired me told me his names benjamin linus.
ben, get over yourself, okay?
then what is it?
all hostess products.
was that papas girlfriend?
myself and two deputies. watts and vertigo.
beautiful, isnt it?
you didnt try for kidney transplant?
you look tired.
i didnt know you were a history buff.
i bet they do.
it cost more.
what do i care.
but dont worry.
no, she wont!
how do you say it in russian?
its not yet over..see, its a 6 hours way..if we speed up, then well surely reach before the marriage vows!
think about what you see.
we need the prisoners!
they dont know he released me.
whats it called? ive got a copy of it in my office.
i just dont want to see you get hurt.
in fact, the head of the ia division lives right up there on the fifth floor.
i am not your prey, i am not your prey..
i bet if you ask lana to go with you to the radiohead concert, shell say yes.
that soul is torturing me, i feel like hiding elsewhere.
i risked my life all these years so that one day you might be a better king than those before you.
ill make the popcorn.
no. not at all.
you have to help me!
my money was on the evil twin theory, until we checked this missing persons.
mmhmm. possible mental illness.
this is better, now that you know about me.
think of me.
hey, john. talk to you for a second?
if you want it, its yours.
couldnt you see shes a child?
what are we looking for?
i sent you to school to study, are you cutting classes to watch film?
why would i fuck you?
i thought we might make a little stop en route to the theatre.
our critics are our friends. they show us our faults.
dont you understand?
o other than thethe ones who disappeared?
its principal kwan.
why wouldnt i come.
youre goin swimming.
jack said that stress can cause a false labor.
did you do this?
seriously, im going to count to three!
please remove the glasses.
ive been looking all over for you.
i spray the battery, i can keep it cold, no reaction.
i hope we whipped it.
nate  late 50s maybe.
as a matter of fact, you did.
is he in trouble? i just need to talk to him.
i dearly hope so, my prince.
ill take care of breakfast.
lets hear it for rango!
thats what i miss the most. possibilities.
i finished early. i thought id spend some time with the best boyfriend in the world.
its all gone!
yeah. its not a gift certificate.
seems you havent been completely honest with me, dr. hamilton.
get out of my house.
no, actually youre caroline reynolds from montgomery, illinois.
oh come on, well have lunch, chat and have fun.
we all have. the difference is youve given yourself a pedicure.
trevor, what do you want?
such a beautiful bride.
why should i do that?
yeah, it should be. spencer, this is maya.
come on, you wanna give us a hand?
wait! wait! dont!
i couldnt tell you, it was for your own protection!
go...stop...stop the car...
you know, ralf, your mother really is sick.
sure you wanna waste that on me?
everythings been sorted out...
i mean, you barely came through this misadventure with your life.
actons on his way up. what about the guy on the ladder?
almost made it.
you should give it some thought.
maricruz, here i come.
that, uh, yeah, they...
whats done is done. nothing can be undone
how can you say that after what happened?
got your victory dance?
where were you taking us?
i kind of dozed off in class.
when we were 10, they asked again.
you look better than i thought.
their slang is different.
not cries but fishes.
son, how much will ur professional camera cost?
thing is, i kind of have to...
i heard that... you were the one who... pulled the dead bodies out of the water.
couldnt you see she is deranged? !
communicating with who?
its not a going away present its a forever present.
were providing a valuable community service.
cmon ln such a big house cant he...
hes blocking my blade.
we dont know each other, you got that?
why dont you gimme that one right there?
we gotta go back.
theres gonna be a crash.
whatd you do today?
boone was a sacrifice that the island demanded.
the guy hasnt eaten in a couple of days.
so you could tell yourself to do things different, save yourself a world of pain.
well, you see, a man...
how could i bring tears?
the worst is over. hell be all right.
just let me run it by nell first. shes kind of particular
yes, im don seenu who thrashed your son.
you should come sometime.
that theres a world beyond this world populated with people who look exactly like the people here?
just a day before marriage...
hello. hello. anybody out there?
and yes, boss.. dont forget.
what do you think about ana lucia?
whats that discharge?
molecular reassembly halted.
shes not my daughter.
look, son, i dont know what you did or didnt see, but, come on you gotta consider the source.
the leg is dead.
if i were you, id stick with the traditional black.
theres no time... the dam will burst before we make it...
it was kind of like...
he wanted to get an early start, said he had a lot of work to do today.
someones doing more ranting than digging.
give me anger. dont take it away
the fish, with boobies
we should go tell george.
if you head that way, youll hit the coast, and all you have to do is take it north until you reach our beach.
are you serious?
ask him again.
i do not know.
if hes worried about the rates and us not being competitive, tell him to just look at our rates.
what are you gonna do to me...?
ive already asked lily.
but that girl has changed your life.
poo... the whole college runs after robbie.
get the fucking door!
i told you.
well, you know the heartland, some things can change in a minute.
i never got a chance to say it to ben.
well, well make sure that doesnt happen.
whos gonna roll in that dung patch with me? !
ls it jack for short?
there is one thing.
all right, heres how i propose we solve our impasse.
laugh as much as you want.
because now i know.
take me in your arms.
keep it safely in your pocket
what do you say, ms. angela?
looks like alive, huh?
think about it.
make sure, all changes are incorporated.
everybody is laughing. brother..
but i have to reach gods abode...
forgive him, veer.
ok, so what now?
late last night, the christiane deployed two remotely operated vehicles, or r.o.v.s.
this is us. an us thing, all right?
no,i was o and that is why you were pretending to care about aaron, to convince me to go back there?
and there was a makeup kit... and a fake beard.
ive to settle about payment.
priya, do you have change for 50.
all that was then.
lunch, boys.  okay.
here, hey, take aaron.
you guys wanna see em?
how did this happen?
andy got two weeks in the hole for that little stunt.
something to keep your mind off of...
glad to see business is booming.
keep it wherever we got it from... carefully!
everyone gets a new life on this island.
you have any luck?
vishal, what is all this?
i remember tripping on some metal rails and i remember hundreds of teddy bears hanging from the ceiling.
bella scoffs anything else?
you only hang a sheet when you and your cellie want to get friendly, you know?
all youve gotta do is use it.
if its meant to be, its meant to be.
the others said they were coming for the boy.
do you wish to deploy?
i phase through your neck, i kill you.
if anyone can choose who they want to be, lex its you.
i will make you believe, you understand?
why wouldnt i light the fuse?
things got better after i found emmett.
get her down to 40 and keep braking.
already installed it in your truck.
stand by to drop, 30 seconds.
lana! i thought youd forgotten.
no, i live in a studio apartment.
im gonna be cleaner than the day i was born.
you dont say! all invitations have been distributed.
you tell him im coming.
i knew youd find anjali...
i hadnt noticed.
by me you mean...
i dont know. i didnt study.
uniformed officers on the scene.
some people have problems.
i can read, jack,
so you can kill them, too?
i will take you to the hospital!
every attitude is innocent.
forget it, no big d. doesnt matter.
i know, i know. its crazy.
why did you bring me here?
you love that man.
i was a vice president.
im going with them. on the hike.
i dont know what happened. im sorry.
perhaps we can find something more befitting a man of your education.
and only then can we reach that lady and anushka.
norm, go under.
oh, no, i didnt mean...
miles? what are you doing out here?
my problem is i dont wanna be chained to a whack job... who went all posttraumatic stress on some poor asshole in a bar.
i was supposed to have all night to crack this.
there is one thing you could do for me.
the isotope decays predictably,
nice. trousers are a little bit too short, dont you think?
she is a very long story, sarah.
the president has left. please.
he wanted me to help him destroy ours.
you really do have a great sense ofhumour.
not yet, sir.
so why dont you ask the one question that does matter?
i mean, who else is better qualified to bask in the adulation of his numerous companions?
vishal dixit. gm in ad agency.
not for shoelaces or a stick of gum. now you got that?
just make it nice, just be organised, and neat and paint it white.
let him go.
governments of 14 countries shake up on hearing my name.
and one of the things hes repeatedly telling me.
my stepfather and his new wife.
how the hell do they know where i am?
i went on my walkabout convinced i was one thing, but i came back another.
did you hear about tina?
wanna know what kind of human being i am?
that i was embarrassed that my friends thought you had nice legs.
lets get outta here.
i am really sorry.
hes calling me.  talk to him.
call nick savrinn.
turn off the safety!
honest, i am starting to think that you are mute.
because nothing could ever do that.
good day babies, what have you got in your hand?
inside, i knew i was somebody else.
i loved you.
stop talking. im trying to think.
hey, guys. hey. how are you?
ill retire to my chambers to determine sentencing.
i almost forgot.
bring her out, alex.
this is great, but im telling you, if you keep changing things like this...
everybody jump in!
no, no, its full.
are they prosecuting oror not?
live happily ever after.
thats it. after tonight, we cancel the rest of the tour.
are you in goa?
we were in the supermarket,and i turned around for one second, d he was gone.
shes playing with kevin.
were you aware of that?
ive come here to set things right.
i am not worried about being fired.
no one is going to hurt you! get an orderly!
i guess we know where were going.
d is really cool.
..innocence and what not.
am i running any shop here to give reasons for my actions?
these are my people.
golly, thanks, boss.
that is the most ridiculous thing ive ever heard.
i wont do it.
whats your name?
and exactly how are we gonna find this sustenance?
why death penalty work?
you want to go back and stand there with the rest of the people who arent helping?
sounds like your dad.
the desert and death
i figured id cover for ya.
4, 8, 15, 16...
and look how far youve come.
three yearsno burning buses. yall are back for one day...
thou art not conquered.
i think hes knocking on the sky.
howd you hear about that?
youre staying in here until you feel better.
maybe you should have called the psychic friends network instead then.
what if narsing comes to know about it?
you want a secret?
look, if you think..
dont let your imaginations go wild.
sir, the vehicle is stopped.
if i wanted excuses, id call the police.
it was about paul.
didnt even look back once. didnt come back even once.
any one here in this batch to honour this pen?
youre ok now. youre safe.
ben had shot me and left me for dead.
im an institutional man now.
ive been on that island for three years.
our teacher didnt like the idea of a performance.
its not gonna answer you.
when the others find out the waters gone, its gonna get ugly.
naomi told me you people were hired by her.
it was nice to meet you, shmuel.
can you please help me?
a month has passed since i demanded money.
then stop talking crazy, man.
go! go! go!
you stop this right now.
l think im all right.
shell meet you there.
if thats ok with you.
hey, you need a hospital!  sir!
weve moved as many of our forces away from our bases as possible.
it knows i dont want it and i was gonna give it away.
that way, she wont have the heart to abandon you.
and i simply walk onto the beach and... take a bow.
..wat do they do with it?
ill go if you repay my loan of rs.4 lakhs.
good times are about to begin for me.
says so on all the invitations.
im a bank manager.
what youve been through?
im a reporter, tainat singh, of a news channel.
oh, my word. you are.
and sudhir was saying for the past few months i am not in form.
hasnt been replaced in years.
just three years that hes been gone.
whether thy lips speak or not...
but i got a six.
summoned by some alien impulse.
my sons out there with a bullseye on his back.
look around you, mr. kent. you know what you see?
three little kittens loved to play, they had fun in the sun all day.
look what it did to my marriage.
lex, whos jude royce?
its okay, its no big deal.
no, im fine.
five. one, two, three, four, five.
i made a promise i couldnt keep.
the same person thats gonna show us how to get back the island.
though i wasted two of them..
i want to give you a party to celebrate it.
you heard from jesse?
who wants dessert?
it reflects the exact value of the herd and grazing land you lost. i wouldnt insult you by putting you in my debt.
but how will we help her?
i havent been blowing you off. ive had my eye on the situation.
or prevent the fall of the roman empire, making you responsible for the dark ages.
blardy, blardy, blar.
you see a pen, baby?
now, theres a sensitive man.
because everything beth does comes from within, from some dark impulse.
... andourclothesweregone .
let me have your coat.
then i would like to take all your rooms for the night.
literally saved my life.
why do you wanna get down there so bad?
..after doing that i have lost the right to ask for forgiveness.
the emotional outburst, the panicking.
well, shes asleep in her crib right now.
this is the seventh one.
if youre reading this, youve gotten out and if youve come this far, maybe youd come a bit further.
youre raising a lot of dust.
how could you possibly... before we came here, a lot of bad stuff used to happen whenever i was around.
its just amazing, isnt it?
find out who...
its off highway 29.
whyd you do it, eddie?
lets bleed that devil dry!
visitors, straight ahead.
dory, no singing.  ho ho ho ho ho ho
those are for your guests.
let go. i know you want to.
with apologies from the state and metropolis police departments.
now, i get why you are so fond of that orphan.
may as well enjoy a night off.
the baby is at my mothers, john. marcee hums without treatment, john... ,the fantasies may take over, ...entirely.
negative 1206, clear your train at the next siding until further instructed, over.
look at the bright side, now you have someone else to pity.
ifyou want to achieve something... lfyou want to winalways listen to your hear.
muntzy. wait a minute.
can you hear me through the wall?
god, you re absolutely stunning!
the rat is the cook.
i cant have the baby now!
dont touch me.
dispatch, please repeat. please repeat.
i dated his eldest daughter sasikala while offering his obsequies.
i am really sorry, please, i am sorry.
are you familiar with an agent named fox mulder?
i invented it. do you want a demonstration?
say, youre the guy who stopped that mall fire, arent you?
lockes got her.
what do i always say?
i dont care if she thinks shes a possum....
its probably just your stomach, doofus.
you should be down in the shelter.
i know youre scared. i am, too.
prem, you shouldve told her once how much you loved her.
or you could nuke the chili for dinner.
i want everyone else down here now.
rizvan, dont come here.
you were never supposed to get hurt.
mom, girlfriends initials, something like that.
unfortunately, he doesnt even recall a face.
dont let her take us, mr gru!
come on, get back to you work. this is their daily episode.
just as a ship can only follow the course set by its captain any business is only as good as its leadership.
things have changed. ive changed. what do you want from me?
you deserve something better.
i dont like yellow.
i did everything dad said to do.
cutting the heads off supermodels. its kind of redundant, isnt it?
can you do that?
i will blow that ugly right off your face!
and thats another thing.
she kills by deception.
and all my life
they were about this, werent they?
but its all real.
man  hey, come on!
you need to finish what you started.
cinderella was never my role model.
but you said ben couldnt die because he still has to grow up and become the leader of the others.
but i always agree with him.
vasant sir is the producer, director and hero, except the heroine.
he just showed up.
the evidence says you did.
surprised you found the time.
youre staying there to keep people calm.
down! down now!
our brains have an internal clock, a sense of time.
hes gonna get through there.
we have to befriend him.
yes... i see... shetty travels.
let me make you part of the view from outside, katrina.
or shes not!
those notations, theyre song lyrics.
its over, kitt.
this area is infested!
its down there and im in here.
what is it?
he tried to kill michael.
you work for the inquisitor, not the planet.
monsieur shrek.  howdy, shrek!
i never pulled the trigger.
i can see that your love is true.
this is your house?
yet no fear in her eyes
its all swamp in here.
what we must swallow
now hes saying the buildings a couple blocks down...
are you a vampire...?
youre just jealous my powers are better than yours.
theyve taken out norad.
i know a trick.
what do i do with this?
that was real good sleight of hand distracting me with the wallet.
because he knows youre a murderer?
tomorrow, if it were up to me.
yeah, where are you going?
hes within your vision?
the sun dims into twilight moon beams simmer brightly
i want to tell you a little secret.
couple of nights ago.
dad, what are you doing?
but i sure do love that winning horse of mine, though.
lets just say we have different points of view.
my son has cut his veins!
you let henry go?
we wont be seeing him again.
hes an oxfordeducated psychologist who wrote a monograph on serial killers and the occult that helped to catch monty props in 1988.
if you wanna run off in the jungle after that chopper, you should do that.
the pledge that youve taken..
what the hell did you...
and the heart cord?
you come hoping to see a crash?
lucas, do you mind walking me back inside?
coral, honey, these are our kids were talking about.
what could you possibly have to complain about now?
all prisoners report for lock down.
i dont want that to change.
i cant swim!
thats why we came here.
less than 10 minutes.
to correct my mistake, duggal.
did you kill basha?
are they waving for help?
a ground team is being organized to go in now.
i need to know where he is, ma.
he reacted sharply and took me into his gang.
your solution is elegant.
what nasty wishes?
and just because we love each other, it doesnt mean that were meant to be together.
this is gonna ruin my whole day.
i know a clique when i see it. i teach high school, pally!
im jude royce.
now, the husbands... they need to touch the money.
note that this mechanism is a remarkable invention of my own devising.
were so bad, arent we?
i suspect we have company.
i think im starting to get through to him!
after 5yrs, when ull see ur friends buying a car then ull curse urself!
i gotta find my son nemo!
the fbi, doug.
i used to have a stomach.
i dont know how, i dont know why, but... im sure theres a very good reason for it.
this was not a dream. i saw walt!
i screwed it up.
he never made it that far.
well, give her some water.
lm alive for you.
i may have to think quickly, adjust the signal.
sir, i strongly recommend you disengage.
you dont understand!
michelangelos father he was a wealthy man.
its only about an hour to daylight
you saw what that thing did.
you remember aj, owen...
ladies and gentlemen, most of you know me.
it means theyre coming.
i wish there were.
theres another way...
are you okay?
how does beera know our every move then?
zoobie get her in!
at least until we can get em some help.
you cant have him.
you know who.
otherwise, just apologize...
what do you say, doc?
let me tell you, i show little rebels whos boss.
what the hell were you sayin?
earlier he was your look alike, later he was his boss.
...died of a brain tumor.
shed roll over in her grave if she knew what id become.
lights can be activated by the button on your armrest.
we love you!
five other racers will have something to say about that.
i wont let his marriage take place.
so i can just sneak right up on those polar bears.
youre wasting your time, yoda.
but your bank, on the other hand, recently received from the federal government a 2 billion bailout.
well, im sure he had his reasons.
what do you mean, something better?
the good news for me is i bet you know something about it.
were still five klicks from the site.
now, breathe slowly.
mother, whats this new trouble?
you eat him?
with this dram, right now, i nail my soul to the devils altar.
chloe, think about it. its not a bad idea.
let me help you.
all of our people back here safely.
or before i could...
no, you can explain right here.
there isnt one.
sarah was trained just like everyone else.
shes growing up fast.
you had the power of persuasion?
well, the ivs are hydrating her.
baldini had created several truly great perfumes to which he owed his fortune.
it takes 40 or 50 years for clothing to degrade like this.
and yes, next time when you both are in the hotel..
and why havent you ever been jealous about me?
i learned something yesterday.
aarush, im telling you.
that the killing will stop?
i kind of liked it.
well, i only have two hands.
it doesnt mean i needed it.
ruins the whole prince charming vibe.
i dont smell much.
im sor.. this isnt the time, im sorry.
i mean, maybe we were never supposed to be together.
your first mistake was thinking you could lead these people.
i was little harsh in emotion.
and i need you
youve picked up fight unnecessarily.
but we can be friends...
get up bauji...
you couldnt let her kill locke. you had no choice.
just put me on the bus right now. i can do this!
..the king has done a favour on all of madhavgarh.
two hours after the first contact an unidentified enemy has reached our coastlines in a swift and militaristic attack.
youre hurting me.
it came true already.
your mothers alive.
he has chosen it.
were leaving before he can tell them where we are.
its a beautiful day, isnt it?
we dont know anything about her.
you dont do anything. like every year theres party for indians
i cant. i got a group of people i gotta look after.
oh my god, shes so pretty.
let me ask you something.
is it possible?
you dont know me, but you know my grandson.
i cant believe.
l hope we dont lose this chance.
ellie, do you realise that... now we have a chance to save our species?
hasnt been seen in, like, six months.
its old spuds!
might make life a little bit easier.
its a joke, right?
get that gate closed.
pete, are you okay?
swell, ill get my suitcase.
you could have stopped all of this
sam and i are moving to banville next month.
we wont leave without taking the money.
look, im sorry about her misfortune.
i cant walkabout anything.
are you on the same island as i am?
he remembers seeing the legion march north, but they never came back this way.
xander killed a triad last match.
she always pips me to the talking post?
when they took her home, she was just fine...
he wants us to meet again after a few days...
chaos and infighting are inevitable
you underestimate yourself.
im curious as to why mr widmore would pay me so much money just to come out here, capture you, and bring you back alive.
nah, you should stay here, ana, get this place set up as a shelter.
khan, we are getting late.
you are a very, very lucky girl.
we just lost a really hot milf.
he owed my man 90,000, and he wasnt getting it done.
but now i know exactly why im here.
we have to let them go to their deaths with their scent intact.
he come knocking on your door late at night?
were moving. lt doesnt mean...
john, its okay. its okay.
i think itd be fair to say i liked andy from the start.
theres no such thing as monsters.
look, he just wanted to mark it and asked me to step up, okay?
like youre gonna break.
dont you ever wonder why they attack us?
did you treat any of these kids with hypnosis?
i dont know. he didnt come back.
sign people up, pass out cookies.
come, lets do some disco.
l hope so.
what did he do?
usually a lot less than people imagine.
just bear with me one second.
ill keep that.
he picked up boones signal from the norwegian plane.
and what does it look like?
now, whats your name?
the last time i saw the computer that would save the world, it didnt look like that.
good luck, jack.
i should have said no. first time he offered to hunt with me, i should have said no.
the day of her birth can be the day of her death too.
yeah, my talk with sawyer didnt go so good.
im your husband, and youre my wife.
it sounds like you almost lost one yourself, huh?
yeah, i did, actually.
ill make you some notes.
what do you want?
then it came at me, so i hit it, and it ran off into the jungle.
said he was made that way.
hey, guys! i want you to meet someone!
its just four bucks.
you have a list.  its my employers.
and whatever he did down there... it worked.
and is that what you would do, captain?
split the work, keep the schedule.
pete, whats wrong?
this is familiar... this area.
iris, you need to get out of here, okay?
maybe you could have.
that woman justjumped over the side!
what about yourself?
i want to be free.
tom, its okay.
mithras, lord of light, please help me, father of our fathers.
i want to report a hit and run.
its a military facility just west of honolulu.
the entire world is unlucky for me.
if you like, we could come back in a few years...
god knows you left a mess for me to clean up.
i dont know how.
hes sick, hes desperate and he blames your plant for his condition.
this is the highest place i know.
i was six.
ethan, get up there to that fuselage.
ive always treated you fair.
im not taking any chances.
is it some kind of spirit, commander?
no, youre a slave to your instincts.
i too believed him and went.
give him a hand, sir hes sayin it..
a warm place with no memory.
for the one i broke.
proceed with caution.
barry, in your heart of hearts, do you think its possible.
we need a favor.
..hows... she doing...?
oh, and dont forget to stress
thats  thats real.
its only a matter of time before he gets us, johnny.
just one and a half feet.
if i go closer, they might shoot me.
i have to go back now.
the new english teacher.
and in the same year, the first tram was started in kolkata.
how can you be so obtuse?
thats far enough.
..i just bought it from you.
tell me, john.
he got shot by a dart.
you need to get healthy, you need to get back on your feet financially so you can get back to pursuing your art.
no, were not telling anybody anything.
hold, hold it, hold it, hold it.
we met some crazy old man outside.
after he just lost his mother?
ive been in remission for the last couple of years, but now its back, and this time its not going away.
i swear on lord ram.
what am i supposed to do sit here and wait?
sweetbread cooked in a seaweed salt crust
and thats the problem with poles..
we dont know.
you just have to add a sedative.
why save you?
he has already given me the ticket.
relax, breathe. come on, breathe.
can you find out the person of this last dialed number.
yesterday, i went to teresas house, and i saw her baby.
seven years ago, you took our lands and we rose against you.
im supposed to preserve this monument to lana langs sentimental memories.
i thought if i punished them, itd stop.
i aint rubbing two sticks together and making a fire, and i aint hunting damn boar!
if you leave me, ill make you all india don.
dad, dont come in between..please stay out of this ok!
remind me never to do that again.
not a high caste man like you
what are you blathering about?
and then dogs and cats are getting together to create all sorts of unnatural mutant aberrations!
okay. roger, have a seat.
look, if you want to go exploring in the morning, thats fine. but tonight, were done.
stop it! we cant!
ill give you a call when things settle down for me.
i need to talk to you.
if youve show me, ill believe you.
she farts in her sleep.
you wont believe me, i came to know her name was charu just now.
..was killed two months ago in the iraq war.
ive more advantages in killing you than in taking you in my gang.
its a sham wedding.
i know you want me, clark.
sol stammers in embarrassment
those were strong bay breezes.
no, no, hes not here.
to kill benjamin linus.
says here that youve served 30 years of a life sentence.
hey, whats the matter?  whats the matter?  hey, whats the matter?
we found your friend. i knew she was back.
and well get married there in the court day after tomorrow.
wait till youve been here as long as brooks.
i think it must have been sayid.
this magazine had to print this and now everyones after me, for recommendations, advertisements.
baby, get me a drink.
kitt,theres no time for you to stop.
she loved you.
sometimes adults are complicated...
hey listen, my life is more important than the dogs life.
besides, i figured the torch could use an exclusive, which i will write as soon as i get out of here.
couldve saved millions of dollars
so now on really sunny days i always think of someone dying.
im here to work.
that was so cool!
love me the way no ones ever loved anyone.
i wish i could have been there.
because he protects people who cant protect themselves.
this is a curse of a mother!
you did it jake!
the problem was, youd sometimes need some help to get back down.
either way, his normal life is over.
hes been gone for almost a week.
... and leaves without another word.
this is the second time hes gone after walt.
im in a great mood, actually.
so, tell me, ana
i have a delivery for diane jansen.
i can do this for you.
the man was unarmed because id stolen his gun the gun he was going to use to kill you.
for count verhamont.
just a frame here and there, i think.
im acomin, comin for you
the police were there.
either way, at least well have a warning,
i got an officer down.
you didnt make it. its cool.
you know, people say that, but its not true, man.
im not gonna leave her side until she orders me away.
if you try to advantage of her, your headless body will run in parade ground.
ex miss india. these blowdryers.. i am rita singh.
alu.. my brother.
what kind of stuff?
maybe this one too.
please dont do this.
and i dont need the inside food to be happy.
because my property was built on the site of the original settlement.
this is a miracle, priya.
a lot of customers like the soup.
well, unfortunately, it is an issue for our insurance company.
i dont know that.
you want to start a census?
is that leon? here, boy.
im getting off.
it would never have worked, anyway.
i went to wheeler.
machines beeping, radio chatter
we need to keep moving.
i never met the man, but ill be sure to pass on your regards when i do.
so every time we run into some yoyo with a tv in his hands
yes, zakir bhai?
march 1994 papers in hand, mr. bayer.
ill go first.
i doubt that.
now, now, now, now.
..you are now the proud owner of a magical lamp and three wishes.
dont you see?
then what is it?
some sort of a cheerleading charity, like, beawaitressforanight sort of thing?
yes, madam, where do you want to go?
but youre either dismissed as a wild child or the spoiled son of lionel luthor.
youre living up to my every expectation.
not exactly what we need right now.
..that nowadays why dont i kiss you goodbye.
im not a terrorist.
these are people youre about to...
but i didnt come over to recount my familys tragic history.
how do i stop it?
beezus, we cant move.
my intentions are to build a new plant.
i believe my life force will leave my body and return to the moon spirit.
that crashing here was our destiny...  you know, jack.
a digital frontier.
ten minutes.  yeah.
todd and his friends, were gonna go check out some music.
lets bury him!    !
forget the tape.
he can only destroy or repurpose them.
i always knew you could do it.
where is it? the wars this way, mate! harry.
stop yourtears...stop them
hey, we got some demands!
it happened again.
no, he just kept going.
i knew you could do this.
come. you love nature but running away from rain.
yes, we do.
yeah, well, look, i hope you dont take what we did to you tonight personally.
i usually feel good about the outcome, no matter what it is.
catching up with an old friend isnt reason enough?
same as yesterday.
i recognize myself.
yeah, were on our way. yeah, i know. im watching it.
there are children, babies...
they stopped before the water.
remove the towel, tilt your head back.
almost feels like alisons still here.
i was their leader.
just tell me what time is the actual wedding?
lts struggles and its sorrows, its joys and its miseries are mine.
have you been pursuing this delightful hobby for long?
now, i can understand your still being angry but blaming me isnt gonna change your condition.
ooh,this is hot. you got your meeting.
papa has no girlfriend...
just recently this man was arrested..
and whats that?  expose them.
and diego will be the uncle who eats the kids who get on my nerves!
swaddling works every time.
what bothers us if he kills or not after we are dead?
after im through, they wont find even a fingernail on him.
you want me off this raft?
michigans a beautiful state.
sir um... all those things which makes the work for humans easier are machines sir feeling hot!
im with a patient.
macray came home, got into the family business.
he didnt tell you, did he? no.
im nine months pregnant. i can barely waddle to the beach.
jack sets off a nuke, which somehow resets everything.
thats the only latin i remember.
you guys are freaking me out.
ive got to speak with him.  what is it?
looks like them varmints shot him in the back.
looks like youve ordered good food, im hungry.
super 68, there is smoke coming from the top of your rotor.
...he wasnt... my dad...
i realised you were imaginary.
charlie. what are you doing here?
theyre a little different.
what do you want me to do?
who wouldnt want to look at something so beautiful?
im just waiting for my ride.
that sounds good puppy, but me no have no cucci
i havent got the guts to climb up and see for myself.
through smiles or through tears
hi, im sanjay singhania... and i said hi.
okay, i have never been so embarrassed in my life.
nothing to offer any hope.
dont you talk to me about sacrifice,charles.
just have a spotless record for the last 30 years.
across the city, youre minding your own business in a convenience store, until you see something and freak out.
she wants to be more than just friends.
lets just open this door, and we can talk about it.
wear a uniform, but loyal to beera, eh?
rain in bangalore?
lm just glad youre safe.
it may not be india but im an indian.
..not of hatred and war.
there is no helping me.
hi... am i too late?
i dont need to tell you anything.
youll have to excuse me.
i got to call my girl.
stavs, you see that?
there, the lower righthand corner.
which you mustve seen while you were wearing a towel.
wheres my bags?
then why were you trying to run away to the main island?
and some of us have actually lost weight while we were here. you mind telling me where youre hiding the carbs?
im really sorry, lana.  culture can wait.
come on, lets get you something to eat.
i needed her.
you make your own luck, mr. reyes.
but veer took that letter..
you were saying shes your sister.
were gonna get through this.
take 50 more, return that book to me for rs.100.
were from air voice.
whether its recent rape case in metro train or murder of kondapuram brothers, theres no crime without their hand in it.
no. you dont.
you see, john, what distinguishes you, ...is that you are, quite simply the best natural codebreaker i have ever seen.
you tell me, what the hell is that even supposed to mean?
yaar..i must be the first man in history who travelled from delhi to shimla in underwear that too ..to meet a wrong person!
you are free to pillage and terrorize as you please.
even if just for a few moments.
then dont say it.
because, sayid... to put it simply, youre capable of things that most other men arent.
i just have a direct line to sams thoughts.
of course not.
my baby is sick. youre gonna take me there to get what he needs.
you sure its gonna be there, john?
guys, why dont we just, like, chill and talk about this somewhere else?
what are you talking about?
i forgot somethin sir!
send them down.
whatever it is youre doing, dont do it.
there was a radio inside, and he thought he could...
namaste. im pierre chang.
tell me what you thought ofhim.
give me money!
im just gonna sit right here in my comfy bed,
im barely 20, man.
because he wanted you to be his son, not hers.
you irreverent child!
why wouldnt she?
part of the wreckage?
the humvees aint coming back, dude.
the man who cost me my arm.
then i humbly vow to redouble my efforts.
come away o human child to the waters and the wild
there is one in particular that may buy us some time.
i figured if i dazzle them they will have to reinstate me.
apparently they tripped an alarm inside the vault.
25 girls from villages in north india lured to the city on the pretext of giving jobs... were being taken from mumbai to goa.
now, that gives us a fivehour head start.
here are the names of every single person they took all nine of them, what they were wearing, what they look like.
um, you know those calluses on your hands?
when i tell you...
hes my son.
that he doesnt love someone else.
you didnt say anything about an electrician.
sayid what happens to his body?
watch them closely.
my daddy was never near that mine shaft.
we dont even have to leave the living room.
..i asked for his help in the third wish.
ive been sayin it.
since when did we start acting like them?
i can drive a boat.
did you say i love you or not?
this team of yours how many of you are there?
we have witnesses. he did no such thing.
but i still cant believe... how blessed i am, how you came to me...
weve got to erase what he has written, we got to turn him into blank paper.
though studying in foreign, for abusing our language is best.
its all right.
then what, you, uh, think it gives you some kind of street cred?
ill kill you right now. i dont want your love tale.
its your choice, hugo.
im not making any sense, am i?
i know. i have fired up my resume as i suggest that all of you do, as well. what is it?
um, im gonna get some water.
kill your daughter.
we got a distress call. all right?
clean up detail.we thought this was storage.
theyre about to get real busy.
as the war on terrorism escalates, deputy secretary of homeland security
you can tie it for me.
i didnt have time to think.
who is seenu here?
i cant die here, man.
i did as i was told.
i would like an iced tea, please.
here, take the money. take it.
hes not a pervert.
theres a grocery store and a card shop and then theres a
do you speak french, because that would be nice.
i told her i loved her.
weird is putting tampons in your kids ears. thats weird.
and, when possible,
or maybe ill come with you.
when we get rescued, and i go back...
rizu fixed some motor type of thing. one minute! put the motor in the water, and the water was gone!
you love nature?
if people are looking for you,
their brains are more open to incoming stimuli in the surrounding environment.
no, look, lieutenant.
jack, nice to see you out of the hatch.
you will be coming to delhi four days later.
let me knot it for you jeej!
well, damn, doc, shes standing right on the other side of those trees.
the question is, can anybody top it?
i just wanted to ask her out before...
i wanna see my daughter!
uh, i think it might have something to do with duration of exposure.
what about good night kisses?
i know what i have to do.
as long as youre with us, youre fine.
thats it, a little closer.
dont move, okay?
i did. they were calling about an interview.
theyre actually my size.
you know you dont eat.
i never knew.
hell protect you from him.
my father died in sydney.
thats why, just do what he says till we repay the loan.
im sorry it took so long.
michael, to conserve power, turn it on only once every hour or so.
do you know where sayeeda begum lives?
okay. see you soon.
so, what can i do you for?
he hasnt even noticed.
the matter got worse.
no, claire, you were screaming.
i hate this game.
ive got him.
at the moment, im at liberty.
why are you doing this?
get the vehicle are you mr.dullon why?
are you made of money?
you see sir...
when you applied the independent, was the throttle in the forward position?
so you cant breathe under water?
what are you gonna do?
were not gonna take more of this stuff than we need, because nitroglycerine is extremely temperamental.
sorry. can we go now?  okay.  lts cold.
but youll have a better shot alternating full throttle with dynamic braking. yeah, but we cant afford to lose counterthrust.
what church are you from?
come on, were friends, right?
you know, bholenath has three eyes.
jin? itsits phil, man. where have you been?
happy birthday, hurley.
your moms called...
that what theyre calling him now?
just read them the sentence!
what is written on the back of your photograph?
what did one snowman say to the other?
uncle, we want to start happy club to keep this town happy.
see, after it hatches it kills its mother.
do you despise me that much?
see you later,then.
please dont say such things.
a little place on the pacific ocean.
you are such a drama queen.
next time shaft opens the cage, hes gonna get a surprising little howdydoody.
look at you, profiting off football. hes never watched a match in his life.
hanging with you and your folks,
you do realize its 1974.
seven hours after the hijacking, records show charles westmoreland was treated for a busted knee at a free clinic in brigham city.
wherever the eagle is, we can say that rome did that.
things arent so good.
but im an old man, and its a long list.
yes. about the marketing of the spring books.
what does she want?
that sounds great. you know where to find me.
theyll be here.
are you a don?
alicia theres a storm coming.
i need to buy a present for aladin.
the day of the crash.
ill get to it as soon as i get back to campus.
what is that in the water?
all together, all over.
get your ass in the right place, goddamn it!
move outta here.
its all gonna change.
come on. come on. lets sit down here, ok?
brother, tell us who he was.
will we spare a hen if we find one?
i know your type.
it means that your work will always comes first,thats all.
come on, franco.
i dont believe in destiny, predictions its all nonsense.
or then tell us clearly that muslims dont have right to do so.
first games on me.
we could get away.
you gonna get job only when you pass in final exams, but this time im gonna set the paper for exam........ dad thats not fair
theyre on a ship.
but what the hell is the point in saving people if you dont see them home?
si or no.
did they sting you?
its been my experience, lieutenant, heavy shit is highly overrated.
youre not wanted.
i dont see what difference that makes.
you shut up, or ill sing you a lullaby!
i told you it was here.
now, hurry up. our diners are hungry.
ah, but we havent had a chance to win your heart.
you couldve helped us.
cause hes my brother.
can we just not talk about that? id rather get all the rebreaking done at once. well, at least i know i did everything i could.
i dont know.
every story needs a hero.
i know how to get them in the range.
this cant be good.
one day, he found an apple, picked it up, and sold it for a franc.
not mine, but her office is across the hall.
neither of them boys knew what they were getting into.
i just wanna know why. hey!
yeah, dont worry. i got it covered.
thats three times its attacked me.
all we can do now is... pray.
i dont have it.
that means her credit card must be of a bank from mumbai.
he is not gusteaus son.
and i wouldnt want her to be anything else.
trying to isolate patterned reoccurrences within periodicals over time.
..is lord shiva in the temple at the corner.
hey..kammo have u heard about kammo?
looks like new trouble is here.
i had a tough time with my oldest out at the drop off.
excuse me, sir, im sorry to bother you. do you have the time, please?
your memory is too weak, lasts you for just 15 minutes.
sighs obviously, i dont want you working today.
i did once. nell got one to take us to the ballet. but it wasnt as nice as this.
these guys plan and execute with sophistication and discipline.
these people had daycare?
how are you?
until dan checks back in, i say we head back to the beach.
oh. i forgot.
you know from the day i first met clark, all youve ever seen is the name luthor.
you want to grab a beer?
im older than you, so that makes me the influencer and you the influence.
when you feel pummeled by the cataclysms of life, remember this moment.
you dont worry.
i used to listen to this song like...
just as i suspected.
this man say what he wanted?
sir, he killed the gangs in city.
hes calling again.
it seems i had a natural aptitude for applying behavioural models to criminal cases.
i was just trying to be perfect, like you.
i am not crazy.
i have my reasons.
look, if we get rope from one of the chutes...
im gonna tell you something, something i wish someone had told me at your age.
this is desperation, michael. youre grabbing at straws. youre in denial.
so were drilling in a bad area?
now, dont tell me you mind someone else sharing your little sandbox.
i can wait.
i saw a cow.
this doesnt make sense.
you dont need language to thrash someone.
uh, michael scofield.
love, marriage etcetera.
that way my legs have dual citizenship.
because youre scared?
let me say the list, please.
would you mind telling me whats happening now?
its fine chatur there is a mistake!
we shouldnt stare at her. come on.
just a loose end that needs tying up.
my dads from the bronx. i bleed yankee blue.
there is another team eating crow tonight, gentlemen!
hands where i can see em!
you take me to the ship.
now we have to sail.
why dont you let me help?
i felt very bad when he left.
or shoot you
this isnt you.
well, ill give you some quid pro quo.
ill never stagger
the northern water tribe benders are given their strength by the moon and ocean spirits.
yes, this grand party..
and for the first time in his life he went to that place where dreams are born.
i know how to repair broken things since then.
now lets get this over with.
youll pay some tax, but youll still end up
thats what i know in my heart.
i gotta be out the door in the morning for work by 5am.
if you run into any problems... clicking gun safety off ...use this.
see ya, ana lucia.
yeah, i understand...
hes not here.
i wanted to apologize for being so short with you before.
the uniform and what it stands for?
we have kids.
we liberated your personnel file and tariqs.
sarah and i are just friends,kitt.
its not exactly sandals out there.
i think you should tell the kids...
i came to say goodbye.
you know, every answer ive gotten so far has been either sex or violencerelated.
what did you just say?
you lost a dear friend.
are you all right?
how will i show my face to him?
it will be a pleasure, monsieur.
immy, whatve you done to her?
did you hear that, hatch?
the girls, please.
i like that i like chicken?
you just have to know where to look.
you aint got the nerve.
separate cushions, plastic, tarp.
and tips are always appreciated.
you know kasim.
so if jack can make it that... that none of you ever come here, then he should.
i thought you were looking at me.. and you?
word is he died in front of your cell, and you were right here when it happened.
the one from the fairytale?
anyway for your information let me tell you this place isnt safe.
silent alarm, this address.
okay, ill send my man, prove it to him.  okay.
whered you get them?
i wanted to be left alone!
to meet rancho come n see where he stayed back n where i reached!
id crawl the sewers before id let my flesh and blood near him.
so why dont you get rid of em?
if you take your weight off it, it will release that.
yes, we should.
when i tell you to do something, you do it.
everything is melting!
you know, for a father there is no greaterjoy..
he only calls in once every few months.
you told me where to check in for outpatient surgery.
totally behind you, ooh,
will it be quick?
oh, my god, are you okay?
ill do whatever it takes, but i want you to leave my mother alone.
look sampat... cut that extra swagger.
so what do you think will happen to us when we tell them that wasnt our plane?
your wife, what is her name?
seven seasons, i think.
did you call me bhaiyya?
thats why i signed up for this trip, because the owner of this boat believes me.
the last word.
whatevers happening to lex is starting to affect you.
i think theys thespians.
as long as the dead guy says theres a reason, well, then i guess everythings gonna be just peachy.
hell do whatever it takes to get the job done.
send his photo to me as mms.
not fine, she says love and marriage, but not committing with me, im also unable to ask her openly, you come and deal.
or risk jacob seeing it.
i understand where youre coming from.
thatll for sure stop it. how fast is it going?
why was naomi carrying this picture of me?
my goodness, there must be a hole in this glass.
you still in the doctor business?
im in love.
you gotta make it, man.
well then... better get started.
youre flustering me with your straighten ups.
well, you never really know.
ill take you to the airport myself.
lets get em!
i did it to my own wife.
did you find what you were looking for? yes, hugo.
well, i dont know about you all, but i could sure go for a dip.
fischer is on the porch.
he found us.
tell falzone that i dont stand for accounting errors.
now, you know what im talking about.
what are you doing?
now last wish!
dude, do not do that right now!
i will kill you right on the spot.
sorry, did i say something wrong?
you were frozen.
thats it, emily. good girl.  babys crowning.
you cant blame yourself for whats happening with your dad.
well, then lets get things settled.
whos who or wheres where.
tell you what, help me find that thing, you can keep right on ranch dipping.
youre an old guy who dont know his glory years are behind him.
if you wont tell me what happened, youre not gonna see me again.
millston, in silicon valley. 110 miles.
in case you haventnoticed, im a cripple.
its not that impressive.
wet your pizzle, sir?
yay! my new pretty ball!
lts a naughty, naughty, naughty night.
you better run, mojito!
i want to make sure everything is...
just now went to change after offering prayers.
are you treating any of these kids now?  currently?
its all right, son.
oh, yes, i want to go.
ill have to call you back, alright.
oh, the boy scouts gathering the right kindling up the river.
everyone thinks astrology is just a load of crap, but thats because they dont get it.
hey. yeah, im in sydney. hold on.
and ifyou are worried that i will miserable... yes i will be.
i dont know if youve looked at that little patch of pubes on your chin recently or not, but you are the baby on the rig.
you barge into my or, you work on my patient.
i wish we had more time together.
where are you right now? are you at home?
open the door, please.
this is, uh, candy lee.
im putting this baby up for adoption.
tell me what?
you were spared to lead a great fight.
shes been coming here forever.
im your friend.
now throw it in.  no!
glad you could join me.
help me, dad!
i should go to horace, report her.
youre gonna take this boat and follow a compass bearing of 325, and if you do that exactly, you and your son will find rescue.
prithvi, our power was unmatched.
its what alison would have wanted. of course.
u feel it funny?
she was my enemys daughter as well.
and i may be just a sentimental old turtle but i think theres a future for this town.
they are real dons.
a day later, i saw one.
you must have fallen asleep...
theres always the inquisitor.
wouldnt be the first time.
theyre not doodles. theyre sketches.
get on the wire to every squadron around the world.
men, materials, you name it.
suck it, pig!
good game, good game, man.
i have to do this.
you. hand out the bags.  i dont want the money.
even if you completely changed everything, they wouldnt be happy.
but the lizard?
the freighter could be approaching from the other side.
tustin, california, and if you dont believe me,
well, half a size off, but i swear, this place is making my feet swell.
risk goes up, price goes up.
good. because theres this thing tomorrow night.
sam was six years old when i married his mother.
i guess its safe to say that the diets finally over.
john, you know that stress triggers the delusions.
not before stanton, over. its your call.
actually its andrew.
ill walk you to your car.
that was 1 50 for the rental, 200 you said for my trouble...
its ok, carmen, we have a plan.
severance pay for 19 years.
command, this is retal op. squadron is in the air. we are on station and awaiting instructions.
oh, my god.
youre supposed to be at the...
servants are supposed to be invisible.
if i be a photographer....then ill earn less right? .. home will be small, car will be small!
well, then, im going.
do you wanna ring the bell, or should i?
my wife is mad!
although its understandable that many of us feel hesitation or fear, we must attempt to reserve judgment.
welcome to the dharma initiative.
see you tonight?
i gave it a cold.
i know a chemical burn when i see one.
at least two hostages have been confirmed in what is now being called a fullscale riot, here at the fox river state penitentiary.
its a necessary risk.
hey, look what i found!
gatorglidden drill. he seems to favor that one lately.
whenever my eyes are open, i look.
good morning, portland daily bugle.
you re putting me on.
that wasnt altogether unpleasant!
no, no, no.
anxious to know how their commander fares.
something every growing boy needs.
some tests. i know hell want to know about them as soon as possible.
you know those nuts that think the moon landing was faked?
okay, youre right.
i have seen a vision of the moon turning red.
time cantjust disappear!
so i know exactly what kind of man you are, mr. keamy, and we can dispense with the formalities.
i cant even if i try.
how about you read this for me?
why are you so tensed?
the horse threw her, and i made sure she was breathing.
i assume you wont let things get that close again!
but he sold me to someone.
day one of the race begins in 10 minutes, and will be brought to you without commercial interruption by weyland international.
we never drink.
i hope someday you get to meet her.
wanna hear something weird?
clearly, the robbers came from this direction.
if were to make it back by sunset, we have to leave within the hour.
yemi, i understand that you live in a world where righteousness and evil seem very far apart, but that is not the real world.
i mean, you just let that damn arab torture me.
no, no, no.
were not the only people on this island, and we all know it!
what happened to miles?
the sting of my...
addressing congress, whitmore seems less like the president and more like the orphaned child oliver asking, please, sir, id like some more.
im sorry, you said you needed the work done?
ive never seen your house.
i dont believe this.
what should i know?
no. we should take it outside.
i plow into your car and my bumper falls off.
uh... are we good with this?
two days till the wedding
you made everyone believe that you had an illegal affair with her, and ruined a girls life who was about to marry your friend.
i give you that information, im a dead man.
all of mine were dirty so i went to grab a pair of amys.
who is he?
yes sir can u type a letter for me?
what did you see?
people are scared enough as it is. miles...
we have bigger problems right now.
did you find faradays mum?
i dont want to go to court, michael.
you will forgive me, wont you?
i wish this moon is never overcast
sheriff said that its a real treasure trove down there so ive got dibs on the old body spray, and jugs magazines
call me later?  top of my speeddial.
what about all the missing pieces?
ill make it up to you.
im his daughter and hes not my husband.
ill see you later.
every day, i ask myself how come it couldnt be me instead of them.
shouldve waited for me, g.
lets make it an even 10 bucks.
just listen to me for a second, all right?
no, not you. me.
only one hunter in the whole life.
ive been around a lot of killers in my life.
no redness or swelling, so its no sign of infection.
the form that we had filled, that we have filled.
mr. reznik have you recently suffered any head injuries?
i think theyve been taken.
you know youve always been there, and i never really...
zane, laura, hold on to something and get back from the glass.
id never intentionally allow something like this to happen.
see, at the moment, your mother is finding it...
thats probably because ive been dead for 12 years.
do you want only hyderabad girls?
you dont know anything about me then, do you?
i didnt want you to know that i had never seen jacob.
but where will you go in this age?
were not hit!
id like to transfer out of your class.
veers sacrifice gave a new direction to the revolution.
im sorry if he misunderstood me.
he is not the old aladin anymore.
so this is the real deal now.
but youll be there by then, right?
we had promised each other...
it doesnt come from me or from the white house  it comes from the company.
and cheeky too.
show her what shes gonna be missing.
here they are and theyre splitting up
weve both been around long enough to know that when a con starts that snitching business, hes not long for this world.
hes very quiet.
why am i even telling you this?
you were gone all night.
i feel sorry for you.
we may have to put that to the test.
i need you to know...
this isnt official procedure.  really?
after we shipwrecked, my team continued to search for the transmission source.
by committing to memory, learning by rote.
there is a difference.
uh, were looking for her.
sir, please dont hurt him.
look, in one month, it will all be over.
were goanna go to the control room next.
i dont know.
they took walt.
how long will that take? i cant really give you a straight answer, not until i crawl up there.
why dont we target some icbms to blow it up?
well, then its going to be a long night for you, isnt it?
why would he kill himself?
whether smiles or tears we shall never part
im not going back.
in every dish, chef gusteau always has something unexpected.
ill be honest with you, miss walsh, most of the time we get a call saying a spouse or boyfriend or whatever is missing, usually they just up and left.
so i can hold you.
there was only david.
how do you do, mrs. miller?
if those sandwiches are bad, people could get sick.
i gotta tell you, this job can really take its toll on you your health, your marriage.
in islam they donate a certain percentage of their..
walt and i... we took bens boat and followed his bearing.
if you dont redeem your three wishes now..
clyde was my brother.
my own son applied for 3 years rejected everytime
yet you still maintain you threw your gun into the river before the murders took place.
locke told boone not to tell.
you cant leave him.
how does what work? the knowing.
im not the one whos in prison.
it couldve been worse. i stopped the bus before anyone was hurt.
you dont understand?
did you finish?
you know somebody whos interested?
my name was on a jacket. yours is on the envelope you carry.
something goes missing, and you figure its gotta be me that took it.
because hes been dead for three years.
do you realize that what you re saying...
this man and his team created a series of equations
actually, clark, ryan took care of all this himself.
big wet frog stones.
but this is crazy.
sure, andy. anything.
where were you?
seans right, we have to try.
it cannot wait.
youre not talking much these days.
you have to lift it up.
hey. hey, say something else.
you look dashing in that suit.
oh, no, thanks.
i mean, can you imagine what would happen... if we found some of those people alive?
hey, you wanna help me grab the rest of those bags?
make a wish.
do not hit that sphere!
or are you going to ask me questions you know i dont have the answers to?
so, how are things going with linda?
it was like lightning, all around. pretty sure i was going to die right there.
there she is.
we were supposed to have math today.
in case theres someone else in her life....
jenny is my life.
just forget it.
what is your malfunction, you fat barrel of monkey spunk?
and everyone in your group youre all accounted for, right?
leaders and followers.
this is a nopest zone.
tell jenny how you feel as soon as possible.
did you say yes?
i know who they are.
i could forgive you.
other than drinking alone at bars... what do you do?
i saw him!
...i told you we couldnt be friends...
i guess i just gave up a while back.
then, when the timings right, you... strike.
aladin, dont be stupid.
my father has offered me a chance to return to metropolis.
frank, the truth is all aplus novelists do publicity.
i actually do know one thats pretty good.
relax! im coming.
see that cloud on the horizon?
no, today is tuesday.
and nor can i find your mr gray.
were getting close on this fedcal job.
how much percent will you get from this game of property?
the avatar is traveling again.
i will try to figure this out.
trying to ease your conscience?
hey wat d hell is goin on? ..
..or should i change it?
i was there.
we tookit with great care
why dont we leave that lovely story for the morning?
i know everything about you.
you know, actually, im not that curious.
and you were right eventually, somebodys mouth is going to start moving.
hello, prem shankar sharma..
what do you think?
the man like you.
..ill pluck them out of the sky for you.
and these are those eggs whom u kicked out and reached ice dont forget because every year, 4 lakh applications comes to ice among them only 200 will be selected you and these finished broken eggs!
youve gotta try.
im beginning to think you just make these rules up as you go along, richard.
geoffroy got punished for the car incident.
after moms death, they tried to force things on me.
i was wondering when wed see your face around here again.
come, come. thats it, pull my finger.
not noahs deluge.
... ona verywindyday ...?
you were right in front of me.
no, its a wavy line.
i guess i must have misunderstood.
tomorrow is rukhsars wedding... so the two ofus...
they watched their futures vanish.
but do youve evidence or letter..
make sure the crowd appreciates his gesture, tanya.
im kind of waiting for my moment.
i had my money on andy dufresne.
you say that now but you dont...
oh yeah. whos bad?
shut the fuck up and hand me the keys.
youre speaking korean.
hows that gonna help us?
he loved to smoke.
new freedom communicates to its agents, ...through codes imbedded in newspapers and magazines and thats where you come in.
then he moved to canada.
sun, i hope you dont think...
they plunder in one state and escape to another.
so, how does it feel to be home?
get down. get down.
then why did you left studies?
ive got my stick in the car.
were not gonna leave her behind. let them go without me, daniel.
i thought you didnt love me.
..the boy thats going to be my lifepartner after seven days..
they would if i promised them all their problems would disappear.
its getting away!
you need to see this.
we cant hide him down here forever.
it feels so real!
how come shes always in charge?
i need you to know how sorry i am for this.
we keep moving forward as planned.
when i came here.. i saw that theres a race,.. if u dont come first, no one will recognize u i started to fear even more!
you think theyre gone?
who are you?
he wants me to meet him at the waterfront.
is there a problem?  no.
all you got to do is say it.
i dont know if i can take it.
youre going out today.
some of the bills might be marked.
let me go out. just once.
thats the matron what will we do now?
they werent after the package or the files,but they knew i would be there.
lll kill him.
aare yaar, searching like this, itll be good morning rancho, ask pia
just couldnt say it.
crash, ask the man why he thinks that?
code red, arena stage.
i buried the secret.
how long will you need?
ill be right back, honey.
we had a couple of drinks, some champagne. that was it.
fucking knew it.
its a barn, clark.
what dont you buy?
money, the money is down in the safe.
the president of the united states of america. alright, yes. alright, come on everybody.
come on. we should talk.
yeah, well, this is a farm. it kind of goes along with the territory.
and i need that hearse to take me and that coffin to a cemetery.
and my happiness is in her happiness.
according to their housing records, john lived alone.
well, this is a first.
home sweet home.
thats true he didnt.
rogues. all of them.
yes, i see that.
this is actual intel confirmed by three sources.
you promise you dont bring my baby! all right.
my mom taught me that.
stay away from those guys.  youre not my father, kent.
susan, im so sorry.
i never said that the vector fields were rational functions.
do one thing, keep this.
ill have plenty of time in there to do what i need to do.
look, theyre back.
gross to you, dinner to me.
joc cannot risk another bird.
apparently, im not waitress material.
my sister azula was always the special one.
id stop people like you.
what, this is my fault?
first find this khan..
dont you got an adventure to get to?
doesnt your father control the board?
not the kind at all.
i cant believe it. i found it.
and what about the meteors?
how do you know that?
ill catch up with you later.
he just told me. desmond.
shes your meal ticket, and you brought her home to meet your mother.
you got less than five minutes to take a shower.
im an ordinary man, jack.
dont ever go around me to the pope again.
theyre tossing cells.
andre..isthawa ya..isthawa he wanted to go to him..go to hungary n learn work from him!
ive lost it.
hes that guy from the gate.
finally, rizvan khans innocence has been proved.
stop, john. one second.
what i do care about is money.
i know lex. it wasnt him.
if i can find you, so can the people that found locke.
just give him a chance.
what do you make of him?
she loved me.
you were tied to a stake in the middle of a field.
what the hell are these guys?
but this was a gift and she really should keep...
go home and touch yourself.
can you carry me...?
an undersea faraday cage.
ben, help me. if he dies, everybody on that boat dies.
there were a thousand smells in his clothes.
so is anyone curious where they came from?
youre probably going to get to see them all turned into a body shop bonanza before the end of this day.
a dart? where were you, the zoo?
were approaching charlie rig now.
its not a big deal. its just something i did.
much better, thanks.
i dont know what to do.
it seems to be of a girl.
what characters are innocent?
i suppose that was your fault as well.
ill get you to china.
i mean, look at that.
dont worry about us, kate.
but today i have realised that he doesnt think ofus as his own.
its funny. i woke up that morning like any other.
they? hired girls! he brought them.
that isaac newton fellow was right.
why cant i really take my time with it?
youre the only one older than he is, the only one stronger
is that your name alone or that of the entire village?
and suddenly she came very close to me.
you have met my dad. why are you even worried?
and im the queen ofjhansi.
otto fibonacci fingers you.
hi, mr. lewis, this is kelly taylor.
rosen theres no one there, john.
showing me some respect!
lve treated similar cases.
take care of yourself.
i still wish that i could go back and fix... all the stupid things i did when we were younger.
how much to hose her off?
still. we need to alert every northbound train on the mainline.
happy birthday dear nandini.
no, i didnt see him either.
two...  they need you.  three...
how did you know shed have the marks?
the time has come, my friends. the time that was foretold!
well fonteyn danced into her fifties.
is this going to become a regular thing with you?
jack fill you in on the plan?
let me out!
and the sicker maurice fischer becomes, the more powerful peter browning becomes.
mr. suresh, collect the cheque from stella.
im looking for clark.
as a matter of fact, i am.
up by some greenhouse. perched up there waiting to snatch linus.
some things can be fixed.
dude, you speak english.  no.
then god help us all.
you mind if i, you know, look at the whole thing?
that is an order. im still in charge here.
its not here.
my father died.
oh, i think i twisted my ankle.
that would be reassuring if i knew who you were, friend.
not old enough to understand that being pushed in the mud was a sign of affection.
leave her alone, man.
if you dressed like me and shaved your hair off.
i got to see the look on your face.
your failure in the hundred day siege of ba sing se wont be held against you.
the world needs robert fischer to change his mind.
at hotel royal cliff.
i stole a car.
are you from andhra?
today, youll feed me.
after a couple of them african apes have a go at him.
hey why did you come out?  what happened?
why did you come here?
its a tomb.
that would be sun and lapidus.
when i get back, ill use you as a dish.
you know, i, um...
doesnt laugh at my jokes
london is absolutely stunning, veer.
..then give me five minutes to say something.
what does it have to do with me?
i suggest you take a seat, fish.
people will get sentimental and vote for you.
ill brush teeth in my home.  ill take you to a man.
dad, theres nothing you can say.
this is gonna sting.
never seen her have an attack.
theresa, she was my nanny.
no. hey. not wanna be unconscious.
and why the hell not?
i work in the pit i just picked up reynoldss shift.
especially when i twirl them like this.
no, i can still do this!
i am the one who has forgotten how to behave around family..
so that was an act?
but at the hospital, mom took this instead.
so i figure, you must know something regarding his next of kin.
we are alive and this is a celebration of life!
you talk funny, mr. nash.
why put a train in a downtown intersection?
say youre having bad headaches.  every day.
dont go papa...
how could i?
see, i like the oneknee approach, because it puts the booty, like, right in front of the lip...
we just got the assignment today.
father, youre also my father...wait.
and out in front of the prison, the two streets that intersect with it?
i cant believe this is happening.
i meant to thank you before i... before i left oxford.
yeah, well, your friend lex isnt exactly on the side of the angels.
how about we start with dinner?
hes my friend.
i dont know. gretel?
you need a high level of toxins to cause a mutation.
its time to give us the guns back.
if i had eyes, not one of them wouldve gone alive.
to open the casket and perform a screening.
now, you wont be safe behind these walls for long.
if were taking a vote, im with him.
while we still can.
man, first of all, what do you know about good music?
wade mahaney and scott bowman. class of 96.  who are these guys?
i will tell him then that im not an enemy.
i want to go!
you need to stay here.
you killed my parents, mr. sawyer.
well, pajamas under your clothes and eggs in your hair.
can i help with anything?
please stop crying lajoji...
never seen the inside of a jail cell.
you look just like her.
ramona, grab a hose and help out, okay?
who gave you that idea?
whos the little guy?
are you lying or telling the truth?
oh! you came back.
loss of motor skills, blurry vision.
the student journalism conference?
i dont trust locke.
is it safe?
he shall then be raised up to hang until dead.
but if its too late, i wont be able to drop us.
why is she coming to stay with us?
its okay if you need my sisters help.
so obviously johns visit to you made an impression.
im talking to you after knowing it, uncle.
if i try anything...?
how could you betray what we had together?
i will get the first aid kit!
i just think youre with the wrong guy.
except for the doctors and nurses?
hey dubey jee!
how are you doing?
what the hell is this?
what kind of ship?  salvage vessel.
but where is shrek?
no need to be involved in the decision making process.
cheer up now!
im going to be in publishing like mama...
mrs. kapoors temporary secretary, she quit yesterday.
i know where the mirror is.
i dont need you to tell me where the bear shit in the buckwheat.
she said theres something wrong with him.
i want to be good.
i didnt ask you to follow me.
i see the way you look at me. why dont you tell me how you feel?
how could they know exactly where to look?
how much longer are you gonna let him treat you this way?
wont you be happy if i get married?
theres a pantry below our galley with enough room for two men. ive left you a supply of food and water.
that broker brother will not die easily, hell get crushed under some train or bus, blood sinner.
i dont want to touch you.
found him in a parking lot just after three in the morning.
whose subconscious are we going into exactly?
it just sometimes turns out that way.
ill be very clear here because you and i face an evolutionary cap...
she said that there are others on this island.
first you have to find one then you have to have a hollow needle sharp enough to actually pierce it. ive got bamboo.
come on, whats up?
never seen him before.
kent, get up here.
and blue jeans?
they wont be able to find us now.
its just my number.
someone has to walk the shore and map the island.
so if he really has gone kafka, lets hope he isnt in the mating phase.
the evidence was cooked.
youd be saving lives.
you cant touch the tentacles.
but you didnt.
ms. gardner? im miles straume.
you got funnylooking eyes!
but thats what makes life interesting.
theyre with me on the boat.
you may think you know how phelan works, but youd be wrong.
it has rubies and sapphires too...
i need everybodys blackberrys.
you could sleep in emilys room.
hes basha, right!
its coming from the moon.  who else knows about this?
wasnt meant to, asshole.
so, anyway, whats up?
oh, thats diabolical!
i thought i made myself clear.
all i await now, is tomorrow.
she wants your money and not me..
clark, are you pushing?
that... that spirit has done it all.
i suppose you should go live your life.
..because he was mistaken for an afghani.
do what you say you are on your way to do.
where are you?
i know what it is.
well, at least now we get to kill somebody.
thats what im trying to tell you.
are you some sort of navelgazing, nofun, mopey type?
drug runners in disguise.
officer bellick is in charge of cell transfers.
it needs to be dealt with calmly.
take care of the real stuff, jack.
if i can just explain to her why we did it, maybe if i can get her to understand why...
this doesnt make any sense.
like everybodys been saying.
or keep the shopping change.
anjali, what i have done..
he knew this would happen and he didnt say squat about it.
its more important than i am.
the flowers been extinct for 100 years.
maybe you still think of me as that dumpy junior high girl
wait. ill call him.
this is just some men who want to buy a silly copy machine.
well talk to them.
do you have a pyjama?
i wanted you to succeed.
i finally just got used to the idea of being in england.
hope you dont have to deliver.
whats going on with dad?
the guy doesnt dig imperfection.
we never found a time for you to donate.
great. im happy for you.
when did you start sleeping with him?
i have a problem with my rightleft coordination too
why? im not telling.
maybe you can find a nice polar bear to cuddle up with.
i can make him talk.
but there is no way i can ever explain that to jack, or even locke, because both of them have forgotten.
doesnt anyone have any missiles left?
thats why im standing here.
i wanna go back in.
gusteaus corn puppies.
and ill explain.
can you come inside for a minute, please?
a kitten who murdered both his parents.
i eat this, you give me a fish, right?
doesnt matter. its mine.
youre the only one who still believes that.
youve been way out of your depth for the last 24 hours.
we had sweared tat well steal the paper oly 4 raju..we wont even c it ourselves!
does anyone speak french?
who kidnapped claire.
look, did those guys give it to you?
i just think theres more to life than memorizing cheers and shaking pompoms.
you were five years old.
he only has to make a sign and ill become his slave
if she accepts me, then ill confess to being sanjay singhania.
earl, dont make me call security, all right?
we dont want them knowing the details of the maze.
why is there a dead pakistani on my couch?
when your grandfather passed away there was a lot your dad didnt get to tell him, a lot he regrets.
anyway, youll get us stuck!
of course im serious! patch me live right fucking now!
what about the kids?
whos gonna take care of michael?
monday was my first time.
what are we doing here?
l, princess yashodhara.. ln the presence of my mother, all the gods, and..
sir, if you buy a statue, the money will buy polio vaccine for the village.
youre all right.
until i realize im still alone.
cos maybe if we screw this planet up enough... they wont want it any more.
aang, would you like to spar?
you said youll take my baby for a drive
no, you made yourself perfectly clear.
i need to clarify here.
because of me many innocent people died.
all i need is a tshirt, pants, pants...
mother, dont torture her emotionally.
ive never seen it before either.
you drove out here in the middle of the night?
ill do it.
david, can i ask you a question?
mr. kent, child services. im here to pick up ryan.
and dont you come back!
we need jack.
precaution against what?
i m very sorry.
what do you want to know?
obviously you have someone in mind.
its also where he broke her heart.
i said, no.
your map is inexact.
i found her trail.
you must have had a really good reason.
i think he might have left.
just trying to save you some effort.
if she write a review to that effect and find out you fired the cook responsible...
those bites are like mine.
but three years ago, mr. ravis first wife died.
dont tell her anything.
i used to think that maybe shed just... run off with some guy.
what you saw is not much?
stay with me, man. stay with me.
no. reception is good.
maybe the dog can find water.
i tried talking to your father, but he wouldnt listen to me.
what did you say?
the best friend that i never get to meet?
youve got your whole lives to be together.
eric dont worry, im in the picture. no one will be looking at you guys.
you acted well and opened your heart to me.
both...youve sacrifice name for few days to get position.
everyone is choosing things for me.
these two lines... first of all, these tests are not always accurate.
and to be honest with all of you, if theres a man telling us what to do,
um... i was looking for sawyer.
alice, is it possible that everything is true?
its all right, dan. im fine.
do you want him to die?
maam, that is not why were here.
and her life.. is connected to the beepbeep of the dialysis machine.
i didnt expect to find you here.
well abandon it in the jungle to wolves.
somebody get a straightjacket!
they said it cannot work with the responsibilities of the avatar.
i dont know.
back to the kitchen!
willy juarez is actually u.s. marshal william juarez.
you came back.
you wouldnt know what happened.  ill know!
you did not!
what the hell is wrong with you?
come, my friend. i want to show you something.
well make it.
he has been accused of being a terrorist..
no, i have to go talk to my mom.
if i dont catch you later...
what about a day you wouldnt even remember?
i am not qualified to overrule your wishes.
abby, i did it!
dont play stupid.
maybe afterwards we could do something.
you just look like someones ordinary kid.
priya, thats your first call.
may be wife and kids are sitting back.
if he dies, im next.
visual on coughlin, heading south toward boylston.
its such a pity that. i made a mistake in knowing my own son
where are you going?
james... whats going on?
youd be giving up your paternal rights.
so hes just gonna go and work everything out?
i can still do my job.
then their mother came out and said, time for kittens to go to bed.
you guys, we always wait at least a year between jobs.
no, youre gonna give it to me.
fucking chinese bastard!
i love you!
there goes the third wish.
you mean spring break boobies!
i mean, youre interning for the mayor,
no, hes not.
can i help you?
just drive!  i dont know where were going.
well cross that bridge when we come to it.
i mean, look where we are.
i like chicken.
ive never seen anything like it.
but if i had to perish twice
were you running away from your people?
honey, you know i dont believe in these things.
very nice home!
spencer, have you gotten any more messages?
bob, i want to speak the truth, and i will.
cant stand to see me fending for myself?  i am so sorry about this.
has my idea worked?
got no choice.
but thats where id start looking.
theres something in there.
each time every woman ends up as your wife and my sister.
you know i will.
and i know i saw a flash of her yesterday.
they gotta be parallel to the deck. thats the whole thing with these bars.
id do it again in a minute. pardon me if im fresh out of bad feeling.
im waking him up.
why dont you have a seat?
if you touched a hair on her head...
probably just a few rows from her.
you are on the mark rukhsar.
we just happen to be two people, who happen to know each other, who happen to show up at the same movie theater, at what happens to be the same time.
our next participant from india.
people need to think that we are in love. so lets just...
you dont want to be famous?
its got, like, this baboom, zap kind of taste.
no, none of that.
whatd you just say?
im sorry i broke myself, im sorry i cut your hair and im sorry i hurt martin
you scoundrel, you had the courage to come to my house.
unite and fight them back.
then the games can really begin.
ok, theres definitely two lines.
ill come back for you.
three little kittens, with milk all gone, rubbed their eyes and started to yawn.
youre number one!
if i let you out... will you take me with you to your people?
why didnt you tell me?
get up, man, get up!
you know i will sweetie.
you still have three months to go.
why are you doing this?
well, youre dead.
if this town ever had connections, they wouldnt have named it smallville.
tell me something, veer.
okay, good. now back up. back up.
theres no such thing.
im just a mother whose son has been killed.
if you hadnt pulled him out of that truck, your problems would be solved.
oh, yeah, great!
who wants to hang out with their parents all summer?
its the party event of the century!
both girls get carrots and sandwiches.
let me give you a hint.
now! come back in five minutes.
its the rules.
just watching it is giving me eye burns.
were not leaving somalia till we find him.
let us be done with this.
by then there were six of us.
okay, jack, wait.
no no no, it started off about money, but now, i mean, honey, everythings changed.
then were wasting time, we should go.
if it costs more money, then ask me son
son, i knew your daddy.
we got it.
how long are we going to hide behind that excuse?
you ever wonder why all these weird things happen in smallville?
all right, cons, break it down!
aria montgomery, spencer hastings,
i cant believe they sold the house.
look, walt, can i...?
wow! exquisite bed. exquisite.
are you trying to get yourself killed?
mustve been some drugs.
were setting up a perimeter. over.
can you believe what a scene this is?
why are you walking like that?
listen to me!
hiked to the beach, followed the shoreline.
how does a child perform instructed tasks?
hey stop stop stop stop!
uh, im sorry. who?
the school bus will leave in ten minutes...
i guess well get the water. dude, wake up.
well show everyone, the capability 2 perform rape that students have over here no other students in across the globe has it!
there is no william parcher,
and you wonder why im here now.
so i think thats progress.
were not the only ones who left the island.
well, you should just avoid him.
whats that nonsense?
do you mind doing me a favor?
i guess so.
take the vice president, the whole cabinet, and the joint chiefs to a secured location.
life is a struggle.
i told you they wouldnt.
but i swear i see rivers pass something to him.
what was the date that you found out that you were pregnant?
as fast as possible.
worst thing that ever happened to me.
im afraid its a little late for that, hugo.
john locke is dead.
but theres one thing that shareholders hate more than bad press.
alice, look at you.
secure your positions!
you dont want to be out of control. kate.
thanks for the photo op.
leave me alone!
sign the agreement.  get it.
do you have the diary or not?
there was a big fight.
i was just checking.
we came back to the place from where we started.
now if youre gonna sleep with my daughter, i insist you call me ben.
i hate this.
maybe youd let me read something of yours.
because if we do this we do it all the way, a hundred percent, nothing halfassed.
this is our battle.
all those little messages zipping through the air all around us.
i even risked my life to tell you that there was a traitor in your midst.
whoever did this is still out there.
someones taken it.
and that energy, once we can harness it correctly, its going to allow us to manipulate time.
hang him till his head turns blue!
i have a wish to make.
its worth a shot, if saito can hold the guards off while i set the charges.
did you want me?
today in the morning nikki was asking me..
i wasnt about to tell you anything.
the world is at war.
i dont know, okay, but you have to.
with this fool?
i didnt, since you ask.
and stay out!
this is ridiculous.
in case what i do doesnt work,you cannot be here.
they cannot know that you a virgin.
like i said on the phone.
okay, weve got another vent.
im gonna do everything i can to find him.
i am your new best friend, clark.
these are the people who were here before us.
im here to meet them.
whats up there in that infirmary that you need so bad?
is not what you are.
and then he goes and arranges all this.
and only one thas regularly enforced.
weve been doing business too long.
in my research ive worked very closely with a man named dr heitz werber.
sixtotwelve, armed burglary.
i never saw this before.
there were pictures of her in my room.
hanh ok ok when that signal becomes red, all vehicle will stop, ok ok then then you cross the road carefully, you know why son nowadays traffic is huge so like if any vehicle hits you or somethin, you might die,
who called 911?
i cant. yes, you can.
right this way, rose.
take them all for all i care.
look, whatever you got going on here, this isnt really my thing.
your moms gonna freak.
but four sailed out this morning on a raft.
gary, drop the gun!
she said she knew he was sick.
theres a bus station.
this is it.
without an xray, youll have to do with my best guess.
i doubt mrs. moucheboume will want to discuss music after your talk on 13th century scandinavian poetry.
its a bacterial infection.
hurley, where did they go?
yeah, thas still a riot.
for our own protection, this imprinting is irreversible.
okay. thats not going to work.
go, go, go!
hey, look, dont get too excited.
thats sort of the point.
the old woman changed them in hospital.
you wanded me at security.
i got news for you, doc!
i thought he meant... something else.
but hes your father.
you see something?
its only a matter of time.
you call him now.
l want to drown in her eyes
we took two days off from work to meet madam and fix a job.
you put a mark on my face.
actually, my only friend.
no, i was just kidding.
im afraid my conversation will suffer.
judge ross can get some ksu students to schlep her files.
what do you know?
you love her?
hey, would you have something to eat out here?
but then, on the way home... ,charles was there,
but we did.
i yearn for love.
ladies and gentlemen, the president of the united states.
will you hold his shoulders?
do you know what happened with him?
lets shift him to our farm house in bidar.
just you and me.
listen i know you dont like me cause of the sea urchin thing.
great job, mag.
this isnt about revenge.
she said that ill find my lifepartner seven days from now..
did you change it?
we talk you to eat nonveg food, not to kill anyone.
well, when you do the things you do, son, helping people sometimes you have to make sacrifices.
hi farhan qureshi...im raju rastogi
now, we cant confirm, at this hour, but the suspect...
dubey librarian, im permenant sir,
no, i havent!
close the inner gates!
this is no time to experiment.
hang on, gru.
check her complexion. check her figure too!
it doesnt look that bad.
a good guy doesnt kill any men.
so how come jacob black gets to give you a gift and i dont?
i gotta deal with out there.
well, the reason im here is because theres a discrepancy between what you know and what you have said to the vice president.
lets try in an hour...
cant a guy plan a picnic for his girlfriend?
actually, its in the storm cellar.
theyve blocked him.
you both like to win.
tell them idiots, it aint gonna work.
it reminds me of the village where my grandparents live in wales.
my name is commander zhao. i set this trap for you.
i watched which side of the fin tracks are more indented.
this didnt have a number on it, did it?
well, martin hansen,
no, i wasnt.
i didnt say id let you live!
you come to the registrars office.
i cant breathe.  youre doing great.
you know who i work for?
daddys gonna like that.
no, we never made it. we were on our way out there when it happened.
were both rational adults.
i dont remember what happened to me,sarah. and i dont know why i dont remember,
and they dont quit till they reel someone in.
it only takes one bullet.
i have a pretty good base.
stick on your patience when im gone.
shhh...your mom is sleeping!
for one thing...
what did she say...
ooh. if i didnt know better, id say somebody has a crush.
we will find his trail together.
ben and sun...
dont forget this date....... im not used to such expensive gifts,suhas!
i cant believe you did this, chloe.
will you take your father with you?
by that i mean no matter what. just... stay on it.
i need to get to the portal.
neither did anyone else, because hes not dead.
honey, i mean, if you can stop the next death
..who doesnt think that im a jinx.
how do you mess up the carpet?
sound check. you missed sound check.
emily. your mother.
your girlfriends an iraqi living abroad with a record of insurgency.
can i get one more coffee?
hey stop stop raju wat u doin?
well rally at the gray building. coming through.
all right, for the last time, piata, where the hells scofield?
uh, its eight months.
even me, when i ask you the small favour that you loan me my own picture...
what do i do with this girl?
just borrowed this.
tancredi like the governor?
you just hit a fish and broke a quartermilliondollar submersible.
you want me to just walk out into the desert?
the island, there are these flashes...  do it. ill tell you what you want to know!
can i see a photo?
shes gone, but shes everywhere.
come out! its lined with lead.
i too feel the same.
i dont know. lucky guess?
look, david, youre reluctant. i get it.
youre gonna have to accept mine.
theres room for another if you wanna give that little girl some company.
my name is trilok.
no. no, no, no, no, its not broken.
wake up! deb oh, no!
i hacked into the dmv database.
i wish bella wouldnt call.
im just happy somebody your age actually knows what it is.
remember, you took me to hotel nagraj..
yeah, i know how you feel.
she doesnt love you.
mr. luthor, what can i do for you today?
i wont live forever, you know.
that.. nowadays mummy doesnt give me the chance.
the evidence was cooked.
six months the second level down, and the third level
they were after something.
hes at least as old as his uncle.
a little higher and to the left.
hitched a ride on the porcelain express. peach
and thats how it should be.
from the looks of all of this food,
slithering beast that feeds on pests with bad report cards.
youre gonna hurt yourself.
ill come by the next few days and pay for them. yes, monsieur.
you know, about that. im gonna need you to do me a favor, ok?
you needed him.
this was revenge of a much more brutal, coldblooded nature.
how much do i bet?
and i know where they can be found.
mr. benjamin, i sure do admire your charity work, and im very happy to do my little part.
and how is it that they know how to speak latin, juliet?
nantz got a couple guys killed on his last tour.
how does he go about his everyday routine?
well... dont that put the stink in extinction!
remember life is a race!
sorry. i havent seen him.
you better leave him.
im very pleased to announce that the minister of education himself shall honor us with a visit to our school.
theyll come back when we find clear air.
where are you?
tattoo looks fresh.
remember, bruce, fish are friends, not food!
hey. you want to go out sometime?
dont underestimate them, riley.
dont try to talk. ill explain everything.
it shouldnt be expressed.
and then you will cross all the hurdles all your problems will vanish.
because she wants me to come after him.
thats not why im here.
and once youve told me everything i need to know, youll never see me again.
but if you contradict this report, if you mention alcohol, well, thats the only fact thats gonna matter.
maybe a smaller piece.
i gave him my old bangles.
lts bad for me too.
listen...  no, you need to keep quiet.
but for the rest, cant we do something simple?
i wasnt asking your permission.
scott werner fra region two, federal safety inspector.
she died the day he was born.
we are in no way connected to them.
its not my subconscious anything.
the termination of the lesson is for the tutor to decide, bruno, not the pupil.
plugs, bearings, sockets, ratchets here.
you gotta answer for luke.
i dont want you to, but is just cause i dont want you to go anywhere.
i dont know. i feel fine.
it ate your stuff.
youre sitting in a hospital waiting for your boyfriend, and youre working.
my journalism professor says, if you wanna bring down goliath you better know his achilles heel. yours is your ego.
for a guy whose existence has just been wiped off the face of the earth,
i want to be... new, clean.
your spleen is ruptured and bleeding into your abdomen, and that has to be stopped.
he says he will meet me after that.
all the air conditioners in the casino are on..
can i ask you something?
you dont seem particularly affected by her death.
the national transportation safety board has set up a hotline for family members of the oceanic victims.
this is watts and vertigo, we have a gas fire just off route twelve, mile marker 18.
you dont know who youre dealing with! dont ever tell me what i cant do, ever!
goodbye, james. juliet, miles. ill see you when i get back.
laughs awkwardly last time you clowns doubt my girlfriend.
dont worry, clark, ive got your trojan horse.
she wants to talk to me about her life. what could it be?
neither will she. bees are only loyal to a point.
and how in the hell are you gonna scare up 160,000 bucks?
and nobody would talk to me.
its not a dirty word.
you do remember what charlie said about these people.
so i tell her that ive got whats his names little toy airplane in a safe deposit box in new mexico.
ive forgotten, hello!
do you know how many times i saved him because he doesnt know hymns?
oh yes, yes...
rs.2 crores, tomorrow night my men will wait for you.
the truth that, at any minute, you might bring a freight train through the wall.
hey, lukes right.
all right, you can stay till it dries.
of course it does. whats this?
who guides fischer in?
it appears that your flight is already boarding in the international terminal.
do it now. kill me!
whod like to do that?
what you do with them is up to you.
its the money thats slowing us down.
greetings from the kitchen, fish.
im gonna take zane and laura across and when i get back, we are gonna do this.
let bhabhi feel at least once that she is the daughterinlaw of this family.
thats how cousin wilson went!
but, ana, if you did this, you have to let me help you.
youd be dead right now if it wasnt for me.
what does this user deserve?
whitney, get over here!
i need no one.
on offer, fact or fiction.
she doped up good and proper.
oh, if youre taking him in, then im coming with you.
little fruit might do you good, too.
all right, lets go.
i dont have my glasses.
and this is my brother, diego, and his wife, lisa.
no. no, no.
go home and dont come back or youre gonna get hurt.
red, blue, pink, green.. these colours look good on you.
its a jailbreak, boys! were busting out!
oh, man, its really coming down. get under here, freckles!
why are you apologizing?
be careful, muntzy. i dont know where wilson is.
where did you get this?
from, you know, beans?
okay, im gonna go download this. ill be there in a sec.
so youd trust me i promise the lnspector isnt far
i will marry you amidst the fire or..
it was right there, and i took it.
youre taking the computer out now?
l searched the entire world.
mike, lets get this thing going.
weve no money.
but ive explored it all.
and here you are!
the machine is out.
do you want what i want?
national guard troops have flown in to evacuate beach areas and we have word the military is now deploying.
well go to delhi, stay with dviya.
that we are at war... at war with another universe... populated by creatures who have damaged the very fabric of reality.
what, you dont believe in jinxes?
no unusual activity on the grid.
no one even knows who the sodding bass player is.
okay, well, hes definitely having surgery.
sounds like a copycat.
respect that fact, every second of every day.
lets say we make it out of the building.
at first, i was really mad,
i dont need my own slave.
i can only assume youre down here to get on one of those boats
maybe its time i lit up that face once and for all.
im not going to strike out. sol
you should close your eyes.
well, some things you gotta deal with yourself, you know?
be ready on friday.
these crabs see you puckerin, they gonna bitchify you in a heartbeat.
keep our swords inside the scabbard.
so hand me the other ones.
and if you continue to have a relationship with goodwin, there will be consequences.
look, son the process is a really tough one even when you go through normal channels.
lines of two!
i enjoy my work.
im sorry, chloe. i dont have a choice.
rumpels palace is locked up tighter
at one of the stations, i managed to get away and im hiding here.
i dont even know his name.
we have to get him an adrenalin shot now.
no, not in the back.
maybe you ought to take me back inside.
youre going back to the rehab to start your program again.
she didnt throw em away, which means, somewhere inside, she wanted you to have them.
ill call you soon.
its better than nothing, right?
jesus christ! what are you doing?
you cant behave like this!
thats not gonna hold all of us and the money.
mustve got mixed in when i packed for a quick getaway.
well, what would rome say?
well have plenty of seats available.
no, no, it isnt like that.
boy, manny sure took a big leap with ellie today...
thats right, sir. just doing my duty.
i got em from walt.
they came from that way.
im not on the signatory card.
the whole thing is highly suspect.
to go to jail, you too have to be alive.
im surprised it hasnt caused permanent ischemia.
to put it mildly.
methane plants dont need particle accelerators.
push!  i can see it.
are you ok?  ow, ow, ow.
come here. there you go.
calculate crores in less time...
youve done a brave deed.
its my pleasure.
well see if we cant make up lost time.
why do you want to keep her around?
get out. stop there.
you didnt do any of them things you said, did you?
how do you know about my curse? !
i cant leave!
you got too much train traveling entirely too fast.
wanting revenge, abducting you.
were going to die.
there are thousands.
you mind if i ask you a question?
whitney, i mean.
do you know?
why dont you get everybody back to the beach?
you shouldnt have said that.
die, you space faggot!
we just got an automatic emergency message from your rig.
looking for claire.
you were on the island, wearing a suit, and there are people all around you.
shell wanna hear this.
yes, im coming, coming.
i need you to take me to jacks right now,okay?
ill take care of your finances and then im out.
thank you so much for this internship, sir.
the kings that attended the swayamvar..
im afraid, bruno, in life, we often have to do things we dont want to do.
you cant even respect yourselves.
and the only way youre gonna do that is not to be afraid.
i mean, he makes me feel alive.
youre nice, but youre strange. thanks, i think.
hi aman i was getting anjali ready...
smallvilles my home, and the kents are my friends.
and with all that are around thee in heaven,
lex has spent a considerable amount of time and capital researching the crash and i was wondering if you knew why.
ill freshen up and come.
alu was trying to say that he cannot go to the students ball with you..
a marine we could use.
theyd all be alive.
do i look like i got a train hidden in my back pocket?
youre such a disgusting person.
is there peanut butter?
radzinsky figured out how to fake a lockdown.
tell your father i said hello.
thats why my skin glows. shinning like a newlywed bride. allow me..
my flight. i, uh...
now, little man.
oblate cranium indicates subject is not human.
... like he did with his father.
ill think about it.
show me what you got.
tell him that you have everything.
dude, you came back.
melissa, stop that! co on now.
when i looked in that light, i couldnt stand for 10 minutes.
i know about the shootout at the orpheum.
i didnt have a choice.
why you pretended to have it anyway.
i will see you around.
were not the only two in here.
where are we going?
we want the damn money!  stop it!
edward, i love you.
..only after you come back.
so his name is brindavanam narasimhacharyulu, write son.
yeah, what about him?
can i get you boys a nice cold glass of lemonade while im back there?
are you going to foot her bills?
dont you dare touch...
did you just get home?
you cant. if she sees them, im done.
if you fail, brother said hell take back double from you.
the man in white.
yeah, just before midnight.
d should be here...
take it back!
come on guys, every year its the same.
im sorry. go away. go away.
stiltskin, we had a deal!
just the grimy details that everybody else already knows.
tom, you there?
lets wash dishes.
what are the russians moving, general?
this is chandana sari, youll not feel it on you.
because you would have tried to stop me.
he would not fight his father.
i for one never knew how much tracey missed her hubby and two kids back in fresno. yet shes sleeping next to good ol scott to keep her warm at night.
i suspected him that very day.
he took my photo in the college canteen.
i mean, it just seemed like a toonie car.
no, 17th is very good.
yeah. yeah, i remember, jane. ill, um...
then im sure the monster will understand.
if push came to shove, i would have armwrestled them for it.
ill have you shipped to hydra island so you can weigh turds for their ridiculous experiments.
thanks, thanks very much.
how do i look?
i know how to search your mind and find your secrets. i know the tricks.
i need to talk to him.
you people call yourself men.
who might this not a date date be with?
he was alive.
maybe they just let him go.
you think id give you a loaded gun?
how can i go through life with luck this bad?
they is lexs father, not him.
dont bring them in.
its not like these guys left a map where theyre going.
now, is this supposed to be the place, or did his car just take a dump?
very little happens in this house without my knowledge.
i got good news and bad news.
and guess who gets to be the bad guy?
your voice is one hell of a dealbreaker.
michael scofield is getting shipped out tomorrow.
your wildest dreams.
i just got an update from the national weather service.
your teammate attempts to assassinate me...
take a bunch out at once.
sure, im affected.
youre incredible, sawyer.
ok, lets go!
whatll we say?
no, we all have our jobs, hugo.
maybe we should go back.
i dont think liams coming back.
you dont know that.
whats in this cabin thats so important?
done it with one bullet, bill.
when did you arrive?
originally, this was supposed to be a weeks worth of clothes for me and linc.
will you be my life partner.
oh, guess what.  what?
and, maybe after, my grandpa comes back from his cruise, we can get to do some of the things that we always wanted to do.
in the guest room...
no no enough mom just leave it keep quiet, what?
u know..once he signs a deal with my company..ill be huge! ..huge!
one down, five to go!
he wants to take away my shop from me.
what else did you say to her?
im not putting guns in untrained hands.
but he was never cruel till he met you.
how would i know? why?
i cant understand your fingering idea.
what about after?
good evening, carl.
every trek needs a coward.
this, uh... this business that you have... will it ease your suffering?
get the bag. lets go.
the more of you die..
did you see a doctor?
i understand that when you freed that handful of towns, you were very impressive, but you only used airbending against my soldiers.
except that he did. rickmans known for getting past peoples defenses but thats just good business.
see you in another life, yeah?
how are you still alive?
i wasnt so sure.
tell us about something special in your life... using at least one word from our vocabulary list.
one time in the philippines we were supposed to free up a group of american and british hostages.
wheres my clock?
i was interviewing hanna again. thats my day job.
could you at least try my dad again?
come to the studio tomorrow morning.
im driving a bus, and my teeth start falling out.
no, no, no.
so you stay here as long as you need to.
what kind of unholiness grants the face of a babe to such a man?
hey, who are you people?
please, let that have been the last one.
trying to make a living.
no, they dont because theyll always betray you in the end.
you need some sort of evidence that this is real, that he actually exists, dont you?
take me away from here. come on.  anu, listen to me.
because i shaved.
lime in the coconut?
a train that will take you far away.
it is a burning star.
that way, when you look at your totem you know beyond a doubt that youre not in someone elses dream.
of course. 10 to the usual charities?
i thought about you the whole time.
sand island is really close
dont worry, hell be here soon.
how come you never looked for her?
all right, lift him up!
we have to move.
the rules... the rules dont apply to you.
16 more months.
i think its mr. wizard.
its a violation of the truce.
tell me in which film this comes?
a calendar shoot. you know?
the disappointment in yourself.
ive read them all.
it was the adrenaline from her escape.
do you think i am a fool!
but he isnt a foreigners son.
i was going for a walk, and i thought i might get peckish.
ive even supplied the bag.
you do, huh?
all right, see ya.
lost my license.
no, you dont.
i see you how you really are. the friendship is over.
so what happened?
somebody torched that van, and then that somebody let him out of his cell.
but those reports were signed by a different medical examiner than the latest victim.
i only fought them because i knew they wouldnt change anything.
watch it with your pointy hooves!
her parents are on the mansions house staff.
god must be a painter.
..from everyone was defined in just two words..
we are so out of our league.
what happened, lex?
why dont you hail us a hansom?
something about nemo.
i dont understand why a girl would do all that.
harrys gone. they found his wheelchair out by the koi pond half an hour ago.
dont touch me or...
why dont you move your car?
the lies we told.
who was the real heir of that house?
it flows into the sea, forming a delta called the camargue.
but we ship thousands of lovermodels every month.
were gonna have to make a run for this one!
so when you get in there, just watch the little meet and greet video, wait for em to call your name.
there is not much cover.
why the new attitude?
mandira, theres going to be a delay in meeting the president.
right three times to 25.
is it a abusive word?
he couldve transferred the kid to adseg. he wouldve been safe.
dr katzs office.
i dont see that happening.
what are you saying grandma?
they are not everywhere they are not over the wall
i wouldnt say that, sir.
its gonna be fine!
havent got lost in the woods, have you?
its on a timer?
somehow, in broad daylight, this kid got out of handcuffs smuggled harry inside and chained him to a bed?
great respect was afforded to all those who could bend their natural element.
rohan we were waiting for your call for such a long time.
rule number two. you will not bother me while im working.
copy, pressing the target.
what would you like to do? think big.
its fully loaded
hey, come back. come on back here.
were opening our season with my new version of swan lake.
and, priya, as far as destiny is concerned..
nobody ever found it.
something tells me we may have you to thank for that.
yeah, im ok.
the guy i just fired?
and whats the problem?
hes a good boy... he really is...
... thisismy newyorkstate medical board card.
yeah. theres my favourite leaf. how could i forget this place?
oh, please. im sick of pretending.
will you please drive quietly?
youre going to suffer the wrath of gru!
well need a magnifying glass and tweezers just to find him.
come on, its nearly time.
were so proud of you.
the museum was amazing. its just...
just think of all you could accomplish.
this didnt just happen.
think not about him, what if major wants to talk to his son.
welcome to the resistance.
ive heard of people losing time, you know?
science, philosophy, every idea man has ever had about the universe up for grabs.
this was just going to be the start.
i gotta get her off my back.
i said, i dont know.
i think youre beautiful, too.
yeah, i know him.
why dont you watch the tape? maybe itll spark something.
luke, whatre you waiting for?
if they trace any accounts, theyll wind up chasing a figment of my imagination.
the center for environmental protection is sending a team from metropolis to investigate.
what do we got here?
hey. im sure that if there was something wrong, jack would know.
she was welcomed with both hands.
prof. nazer, since we dont know much about this comet..
i havent had a man in my apartment since my husband was killed.
what are you doing here?
youve just had your lunch, havent you?
i dont have a crush on lana.
what do people do when they get wounded?
its a painalert system.
and why arent you with them?
maybe a great one.
but theres too many militia.
ill be escorting the body.
two months before  your distress signal  the message i heard  you said, it killed them all.
you have no idea what im talking about, do you?
you dont have to.
so where do we go?
life only means profit or loss statement... hes seeing theres profit being with u, tats why hes with u you directors daughter whose gonna be a doctor..its good for his image etc etc
we have to do this. theyre still at it, huh?
look, accidents happen in surgeries all the time.
i watch a lot of csi.
i would have never been able to write anything as beautiful as what you said.
you guys need a hand?
ali still wears hers.
fall back, fall back!
morning, guys. have you seen... daah.
turns out that funny smell was rat poison.
which one you mean?
down something. down... down in
i think we can close this case.
lets see, good for one free foot massage.
itll take us a few hours to get them prepared, but you can take them out tomorrow.
i thought you might need one to sleep in.
i know this will work!
elaine, you have to trust me.
ravi, weve to wear these amulets quickly.
i heard you were tracked for a full ride to kansas state.
all they handle is death penalty cases.
very good, in such situations people generally try to be a hero..
dont you want to see it?
ive got them on me.
good news is nobody can reach us out here.
we came to madhavgarh for making the preparations.
margaret, this is my mom.
all right. maybe you need to relax.
you think that makes sense?
keep me in your memories, no matter how far we are.
itll be extremely unpleasant for all of us.
its the first time the carnegie prize has been split.
im gonna help.
and no one can stop them.
are you tired, honey?
your poor mother carried off in childbirth.
if i cant keep them quiet, the entire clans gonna be after me with their mouths open and...
ah ashfaque miya.
oh, look at that!
and lots oflove.
what if im doing this because they killed her?
they are in the fucking building.
she said victoria didnt see her.  no wonder.
lets bleach it up.
im not asking you, im telling you. read the pages, please.
why would i share it with you?
then lets just hand him over.
and to kill them, we need lightweighted and longdistance cannons.
dont worry, kates fine.
its just a matter of.. one or two days.
just dont tell locke it was me.
a little over two years ago,
i want to show you something.
abruzzi, i need you to hire me a p.i.
youre gonna go to alaska this weekend?
i cant deal with this.
why would i do that?
mike, hey, we were supposed to watch that. remember, the trailers like...
hes gotta be a part of this.
im on my way.
is that better?
open your eyes.
dont say anything now. anything can happen at the last minute.
chief, we got unarmed civilians getting shot down here at nine oclock.
help her with those.
i know this will come as a shock, but not everything in my life revolves around you.
i learned that today.
hes clever, not smart.
hes demanded they buy two copiers to boost your confidence.
god knows what these british saw in them..
dont worry at all.
get off my car!
oh, shes no longer working here.
everythings normal. ok?
we just met, i dont know him that well.
so, how you doing?
sure, that makes sense.
you gotta listen to him! hes right about the flood!
lieutenant. still gotta get used to that.
one, so far, that i am aware of.
how did he do?
cunningham and i a group of them surprised us.
i just spoke to justins parents.
all you had to do was say please.
he is hit. wolcotts bird is hit.
and then you act like that in class like i needed to be protected.
that energy connects to similar pockets all over the world.
he likes to sit with me on the bench out on the front lawn.
you get me what i need, ill see to it you get your legs back when you rotate home.
how does a 20yearold boy die of exposure on a warm, summer night in oregon, dr scully?
you called the fucking cops.
this cant be happening.
all the charity work, the environmental progress his company was making...
why do you find it so hard to believe?
i told him id give him a chance to win it back.
what you need to focus on right now is getting this truckload of feed over to the millers.
why are you suddenly concerned about the country?
you see that guy at the piano?
im better than all these people.
pleasure to meet you.
john? john, im sorry, but you have to tell him.
please give me a chance.  take it.
man!  just relax. relax.
your placing the head on my shoulder.
whats going on here?
no telling how long theyll last.
i figured. hi, buddy.
take a break, little chef.
switchin to sidewinders, moving in.
laughs   were in the middle of the woods.
the piranhas that killed those divers, the ones youre hunting for...
you shouldnt talk that way with servants.
the flashes have stopped.
door to door and homes, and something..
grandma says youre never coming back.
man youre kidding me.
eversmanns chalk four has set up a perimeter around wolcotts crash site.
maybe all you need is love.
you wont be missing anything.
hey, do you want to hold him?
i mean, its dej vu.
tape you gave mes a dupe.
ls your madam having boy friends?
child, only god may see our souls.
now taste this.
she made that choice, not you.
some contraband here, but nothing to get in a twist over.
chloe, im sure itll work out.
that dude is weird.
sunita. final year medical student.
i came back so he could be where he belongs... with his mother.
he isnt there, hasnt been in a long time.
in accordance with the values of the republic.
ill organize that. whos gonna organize electronics?
hugo, you can go back to your camp.
hugo, im not dead.
now she wants to be richer than her uncle.
just keep breathing, buddy.
is it real?
makes my breaths crazy.
they got a ship.
emily and i arent the only ones who got messages from a, are we?
have a good smoke?
dont think that hes my son.
excuse me, i think this is yours?
there should be someone to look after him, right?
and now hes in witness protection for life.
how? we cant account for all of our people.
your fathers been given a promotion.
so, youve been living with your stepfather,
let her get back to a job im guessing is a lot more thankless than yours.
wherever you go widmore hell find you.
lf l ever lie..
you are so mouthwatering.
please accept my offer and move to banville.
he thinks i feel betrayed by him.
can you see them?
so what were you in for?
i want to see that tape.
it does make a difference.
nothing appears to be what it seems lately.
prison break season 01 episode 08
definitely not.  youve got the whole package
ok, what is it?
i looked at my watch just before the flash, it was 903  itjust turned 913.
well, actually, it sort of is.
but i always will.
this is a fucking disaster.
will you spoil your life for him?
a member of local pta and nra chapters carter daniels lived quietly in fort wayne.
right now, mr.mahone, shes not going to be eaking with anyone.
..it wont cant happen sir!
shell try to hurt you.
im ok.  lf l can guess...
ah! gross, little, grayish yellow things.
instead of settling for this.
agatha, please, a humble student of beauty.
at midnight the 1 2th version of our flagship operating system will hit the shelves around the world.
viktor deserved his fate craven was no better
..fate will serve you, aladin chatterjee.
fitz and percy.why?
prometheus alone chained to the rock with the bird circling overhead, you know how it is.
a fine line, maybe but i also built that library and used it to help guys get their high school diploma.
mom doesnt like you.
i dont even leave that much.
you wanna tell me how were gonna get a bomb out of here?
this is his rig. what do you expect?
it was his dying request.
so, shall we begin?
its not surprising he wouldnt know what a state he put you in.
please say yes!
our great mother does not take sides jake.
can there be a peace between us?
now, there is a father... looking for his little boy.
dude, you rock.
so clark ran interference?
i already made a reservation. wow, john, youre really doing it, huh?
this may be clus game here, but in my world, hes gone in one keystroke.
and were the game.
whom did you see? who was coming?
we gotta get lafleur.
do you love seenu?  yes.
i go down smooth, but come out fighting!
but about who you are.
can you fix it?
your dad called and told me you were awake.
you need to come back with us now.
yeah, i gotta stop and get groceries.
whats the name?
yes sir........ can u tel me how an induction motor starts?
uh, miss walker got the message. she sent us to pick you up.
i mean, did it come upon you gradually, or did you wake up one morning suddenly understanding the mysteries of the universe?
now, honey, in this day and age, there are a lot of people out there... that would love to get their hands on a rich man like you.
ok..someone doesnt like the classics!
the best time we had that whole summer.  hands down.
an estimated 50 million people watched cari lucas win day one.
ls it so urgent?
i broke into an apartment, found a safe with confidential files.
well, its a missing person case. its not unusual.
cause you gotta tie it.
and boys too...
theres people i cant let you walk away from.
apparently you were drafted.
maybe your daughter can contact the flash.
its come to our attention that you made a foil request a couple of days ago, on the burrows case.
may be hes duggals man.
what he means is that your scent will mask mine if you carry me.  done.
beera plays the drum well
i hope he is not troubling you too much.
maybe i can find a rock.
sharkbait! ooh... babado.
giving him a knife?
ive wanted to do international law.
if my friends are safe, why are you asking me?
is this where boone fell?
where is don seenu?
because that girl, she doesnt know you one bit.
the desert storm can diminish our army.
no one will see it.
and in return, i offer you freedom.
they got another one, sir.
okay. emile shows up with...
let me get the cookies.
where is narsings sister?
i understand, i understand.
for money on top of it!
i gotta try.
..my heart said that feeling that ive cheated you..
..return us our lands.
he didnt shoot at anyone, did he?
why didnt you tell me you were coming here?
your first wish is that you want a guitar.
ask whitney. hes...
we havent even seen her yet.
that i taught to body building.
i only had one bullet.
you quit too easy.
you are coming, right?
were closing in.
that swindler in the rue saintandrdesarts.
well, in that case, id love to come.
if this is a bad time
so, youre worried about what people will think?
theyre boys they make my life a little adventure!
youve bought the smallville savings and loan.
on the other side of the island, there was this guy with us.
yeah, but its also for people who can afford it.
rats in a maze with no cheese.
okay, good. off you go. go clean something of mine.
you were such a gentleman!
youre praising me too much.  thats my weakness.
wait, can we?
i thought the world was gonna be...
at that point they will overrun our perimeter.
munna is coming.
what exactly is it that you do for mr. widmore, matthew?
you mustve done something worthy of this selfflagellation.
lets go.  bye.
hey, what time am i picking you up?
youre gonna be happy here.
they dont tell me.
its got your signature. i said, thats gotta be a mistake.
i get his boots!
oh, yes. good.
you wanna talk about it?
ill never let go of his hand. dishwasher, microwave, washing machine, refrigerator.. ..ill repair everything.
im so, so sorry.
the devil marks the walls so you know where to drill the holes.
president kennedy plans to step down from his role as u.n. ambassador.
its nice, you know, being counted on, having responsibility.
she is the one standing between us getting out and anarchy.
get out of the water now!
you got your lockdown, bro.
you have quite a library, doctor.
they must have fallen from the plane. what are you guys doing out in the jungle at night?
this motherfuckers crazy.
what do we have here?
well, yesterday, he told me you were gonna be coming by.
that psychopath? no way!
you fucking dummies shot a guard.
theres a button on the grip.
you are not our mama...understand?
mr.wangdu.. i cant believe u called!
what if were it?
perhaps i should nail my soul to the devils altar.
thats a big one.
you do know he said specifically not to put anything metal in here.
potty break! he grabbed the readers digest.
hey, bobby, bobby, what happened?
theres so much going on in my head right now.
i figured you could ghostwrite...
youve had enough for one day.
when you ran out of the jungle the day of the crash, how did you...
dorian, i want to help you.
yeah, yeah, sure.
just been told the grain delivery hasnt arrived.
wheres my wife? devika.
whens your birthday?
an appendectomy or shaving a mans stomach?
yesterday you said...
its a hard life here. very hard.
nearing the end of the race, only six cars left...
would you go?
is there a reason you didnt consult us when you decided to form your own civilization?
ah!  me being the mechanictype friend?
write to your congressman and hurry that up.
how dare! you...
if i do what?
mummy, i want to tell you something today.
ive been traveling the world for over 10 years trying to get you out of my head.
hey, there you are.
i know youre probably upset right now, but i do have some exciting news for you.
there will be ongoing physical therapy.
a year ago, i was doing exactly what youre doing.
and a genie came out of it..  okay.
i think youre all right.
toasting your success, eh, linguini?
sounds like brians on a roll.
does lex know you have his car?
so, tell me you got her.
i cant raise them, sergeant.
a husband youre afraid to tell you speak english.
there was a mollusk and a sea cucumber.
ten hours in a rowboat, swatting mosquitoes, looking for ripples.
never seen me before?
my rizu is a sharp boy.
i can do it if you want me to, ben.
you dig in my cell while im there, and im gonna split your wig.
you following me?
no father, i have no sympathy for your petty sentiment
ill take it in the conservatory.
the council leaders, dad, quils grandpa and sue clearwater.
and hidden in my dna is the ultimate cipher. hidden in your dna.
dont tell me what i cant do.
either say l do in front of priest tomorrow..
they are searching mad for the man.
i heard that too. i always thought that sean was a good guy.
you said there was nothing i could do.
i want all precautions taken.
by necessity, he has to mind all the percentages.
i try to leave, but it wont let me.
we just have to go in there ourselves then.
can we be there by 4 pm?
come on, russian. you got a big fucking gun.
you bet your ass we will. we got to regroup.
thats privileged information.
could have been worse.
if you die, we all die now go!
i cant even think about it right now.
i thought youd be excited about dropping a size or two.
welcome to your humble abode. this is for me?
dont try to teach me!
then what are you doing here at work?
ive still got a lot of work to do, then.
to get our guns back from sawyer.
i mean, you might come back and visit us sometime?
the gazebo was under construction
i remember you.
its respected. it could help change your image.
did you hear that, sharkbait?
did he establish this college?
wonder where they disappeared?
not a single one of deserves to be here.
do you have any more information in the studio?
to trap the reverseflash.
he used to yell in night saying aal iz well and we used to sleep tight one night there was a robbery in our village, then we came to know that hes blind, and he yells aal iz well aal iz well
we can go anywhere we wanna go.
lets see your hands!
where is everybody going?
lucky your guy had a twin brother.
you have my word.
well, this fellow presumed, and correctly, as it turned out,
i abandoned him a long time ago.
how about we start fresh?
guys? shouldnt someone look through this stuff?
did you teach them how to throw snowballs coz they cant even hit me.
get the luggage.
youll marry me.
how do you feel about that?
i want to meet her. find out.
theyre marines but theyre still people and...
as one door closes another one opens.
go in the greenhouse. the elevator takes you to the orchid station.
okay, im leaving him for your sake.
do i look ok?
yeah. and heres a chair.
emily the shed was me. my mom just said
you stay at vasant vihar.
lift it up?
its a big city.
now quietly eat up. give your anger a rest
hey, get out of there! get down!
no cell phones then. lf all the men die, what will happen to me?
boar got scarce a couple weeks back.
i shouldve been a hero, you and chandu joined to make me a villain.
screaming to the heavens, asking what should i do.
where you going?
how the hell would you know that?
we havent spoken for a while.
when we were back at the hatch, i talked to desmond.
ive seen this before when i was a child
oh, my god. out of all that, thats all you got?
he had a previous engagement!
she ran upstairs for somethin.
could be the tang.
because im not interested in friends.  everyone needs a friend.
what do you want?
so, thank you.
she understands me. did you steal this water?
jack, calm down. its ok.
so im making you up?
what do you wish to ask gods forgiveness for?
whos up next?
what about the people outside?
you throw a stick in the air around here its gonna land on some sacred fern for christs sake.
then im sorry.
this proof is enough to finish him.
there are thousands of glens.
you re not even looking at it.
i have a tracking station.
dubey has given you this, hey you dont call me that chanchad,
nobody can go out after knowing the story.
what do you suppose theyre doing?
wasnt long after you left that the telmarines invaded.
what are you looking at?
and nobody is going to stop me.
did you see that?
people with this disorder are often paranoid.
lie to them, jack.
why cant you say it?
i aint even talking to you, man.
she was with me!
wonder why i feel this way?
muthu, what are you doing here?
the national weather service has just issued a tornado warning.
kate austen is a worldwide hero who saved five other peoples lives after a plane crash
no, lets talk now.
please, bill, no games.
im starting to doubt your resolve.
all the people here work at the dairy farm.
all we gotta do is find the boat that took him.
its a nobrainer.
now, in order to motivate it forward...
what about that one?
i can see that, haig!
well, why dont you just mind your own business?
look, we asked for two, he has sent four.
we gotta get out of here!
they want you to feel something for this man.
shes got a boyfriend, lex.
the soup was a revelation.
should i give a demo?
mangal, slap her. make her stand still
shes not my kid.
my mommy made me.
they havent called you yet?
here it comes.
sir, may i remind you you are a guest here?
give it back.
personally... ,i think this class will be a waste of your,
what happened to the red tie?
one is to get marks by yourself, or try reducing others marks racho has made the combined plan to teach silencer a lesson, and to help raju,
i was hoping youd see he was bad news.
look, youve had my back for the last six years.
more than once, ive touched people and ive seen such pain and despair and...
this is our country as well.
a title that ive discovered is incredibly temporary.
this room.. sound proof.
youre aware of the tissue sample taken from her?
ijjas, i hope you wont write priya malhotra..
why are you looking at me like that?
come on, line it up.
i can teach, volunteer fulltime.
you need to open the doors now.
count to five. what are you talking about?
hes just mad at the world because he forgot my birthday.
why did you come back from london?
rs.5 for underwear, lf you give two pants, one shirt free, for two shirts, one underwear free, taxes extra, fixed rates.
please remove all jackets, sweaters all laptops and electronic devices
that cant be.
if whatever youre attempting to do actually works?
i need to use toilet, can you please help me?
but ive still always wished i could fly.
all right, buddy.
what separates us from these savage yanks if we cant drink tea?
is it safe for you to be here?
you dont seem surprised to see me.
ill tell you what you want to know,but you gotta do something for me first.
sit outside and eat with my driver.
so, what do we do?
then ill be cool.
cause im cursed.
whats the distance to the out scene?
that was a close shave.
what do i think about what, jack?
jacket, no tie?
well, ive been playing it for many years, sir.
dont do anything stupid.
you know how many boys have gone on to college because of me?
thats you know...
at their cost. name him as vijay duggal.
i, uh, went there planning to do something wrong.
we have to warn your friends.
why are you telling me all this nonsense?
you turn back and go after him, ill kill him for fun.
mind if i join you?
why do i got to be the platypus! make him the platypus!
she was fighting for her life.
so when it gets here... well get rid of it.
if i were you, id...
why do you say that?
lucia, why are you drinking tequila and tonics at ten to noon?
i knew you were here, ms. littleton, because i followed your lawyer.
youre slow for someone in the fast lane.
if you want to see me, call my office.
we leave now, move fast, middle of the night tomorrow.
well youre here now.
what are you doing here?
they have a hatch.
this isnt one of theirs.
i must assign a guard to be with you at all times, princess.
were just talking about my old man here and his life.
no, no. no, i didnt.
shall i release it, buddy.
aang showed them he was the last airbender, and was accepted to train with the master.
later, dudes. gotta get to the hatch.
bear with me.
so we crashed in the ocean, and floated a while until a boat picked us up.
i gave him the keys dad i wish i had given it to my brother he would have been alive today..
george, how fast can you meet me at the hospital?
come and shake a leg with me.
you ride out as fast as the wind can carry you.
wed talked about it.
then suddenly you saw a woman and a girl.
im gonna fall on you again! and this time i will kill you!
well, i was...
thought he was helping me.
graceful, theyre graceful.
let me do you a favor.
obviously, something is up.
its a place where miracles happen.
its my job.
i know why youre here, friend, but save yourself the trouble.
hows whitney, by the way?
hey, you guys, just leave him alone.
what do you want?
but theres nothing im ever gonna want more than edward.
i say may because we all know by now...
its not just that, freddy.
youve fixed your sons marriage with narsings sister, right?
im that good.
why am i doing this?
youre going to hit us?
and i need my purse.
zoes gonna be okay, but that truck driver could have sworn he hit you.
if anything happens to me, your father will die.
by the way, did you figure out what to get lana?
seven, its not worth so much.
whens your birthday?
and why is that?
thanks. thats been happening a lot today.
because i dropped her. i dropped megan.
those people were murdered to make you angry, james.
i was getting suffocated.
only problem is, youre not the only one.
yeah. i know, rizvan.
john, tell me exactly what happened.
om bhai you must take care ofyourself.
back to the restaurant. theyll fail without me.
no, not yet.
yes, ive brought him.
well, im not gonna let you starve.
smack her in the head!
look, jack put me in charge.
doctor place your chin on the chin rest.
why cant you just leave me alone?
no! im chasing you.
well, then, the spirits can take me.
no, youre insane!
hes a good man.
let there be a way out of this.
i can see them from my window.
i know you wanna help, right?
god knows where juliet is.
he just hulked out on me.
unless theres new information you can provide for us, weve already reviewed mr. burrowss case thoroughly.
i hate this bitch.
boone, please listen. what is your blood type?
on the little table?
i know he is, clark. i know he didnt try to buy me off.
more of an angle.
i got the back!
to save my friends.
my mother tipped it over with her foot and began her married life.
i left it long back. but ill not leave this matter.
ive read thousands of manuscripts, and this is the only one ive given you.
hi, i hope im not interrupting.
you gonna have me killed?
who gave this to you?
bella, thas quil and embry.
i dont know why you want to sit through all those zombies eating people and no hot guys kissing anybody.
i felt i was in my comfort zone.
billy,open the damn doors!
do u remember your helmet pia sister?
my last two.
you dont look so good.
i should probably be with a mammoth... dont you think?
she loved me too much, so she came up with a plan on our anniversary.
its ok, youre safe. its over. who are you?
10 of hands and 10 of legs.
dont worry. its gonna be okay.
that would be able to sap the tidal wave of its energy.
shes filling rebeccas old spot.
find a garden hose!
could these be the romantic stylings of the young beatrice?
by the time you read this, ill be long gone.
but he got two weeks to get it done because were out.
maybe they came for them.
maybe even then.
how long do you think its been there?
i think i have things pretty well figured out.
were different, you and me, lot of ways.
i want you to keep pressure on it, okay?
you cant have him.
everyone does trucks.
but youve gotta get aaron
and i say, well, why dont we come up and see you instead?
i know what happened to your arm in the bank vault.
im good, thanks.
sayid should be back by now, and if his plan worked, then...
what the fuck is this?
pierre, if it was caused by the electromagnetism, we need to know.
then what the hell we been fighting for?
the lnspector sent a keepsake.
im not in the mood to test it now.
im about to burst!
thing aint gonna work anyway.
so many years ive waited.
im just saying, dont give up.
so youd just turn her into a bloodsucking demon like you?
you know, for all i know, you guys tampered with it.
hes my husband.
jack must have lied.
sir do u know our names n roll numbers?
but this is someone else... someone im missing.
its all under control.
he escaped if not he would be dead.
can you even make it back to the mansion before sunrise?
thats sweet of you.
now, quickly ask for your three wishes and let me go.
what do you think happened to him?
whats this bhattu, im uncomfortable in this dress?
a different place every time?
i m saying lets call for help.
this is your fault too.
well, thats what you said to dad.
are those real?
ill be leaving for the airfield soon. alert the pilot.
now playing quarterback for your metropolis sharks number 12, whitney fordman!
..i was busy with election.
i never wanted you guys to break up.
you ever had one of those days you feel like the little dutch boy with your finger in the...
he didnt say.
well, i think she just thought...
have you seen the news?
look at the black circles around eyes.
and you think it has something to do with the meteors.
good night, brother.
dont think because i grew up without running water...
youre speaking in 3 languages like railway announcer.
i havent talked to him.
this cant be happening.
oh, no, you did not shoot that green shit at me!
ill take you to your destination..
oh, youre not going crazy.
i say we hold off and not remember her
its by the cuisinart next to the stove.
looks like we got ourselves a day off.
baby, that sounds pretty fantastic.
im not taking sides.
nandinis group has been selected by the college..
please go back.
you bet your sweet ass i am.
what do you think?
and i could show it to you.
we dont need to know who he is
ever one god, world without end.
not the smell, not the look, but the sound of the crust.
theres no shame in pleasure, mr gray.
say your prayers.
clark called, said he needed my help.
actually, i dont... and neither do you.
but none of that matters, cause the one thing you need for a long con, we aint got.
i need to apologize to you.
that you want to be judged for leaving the island and coming back because its against the rules.
dude, would you please roll?
more dangerous than you?
are you fucking crazy?
knights, we are red and free.
work it, ramone!  wow.
didnt find me appealing!
weve got to stop them!
you guys were pretty serious, huh?
nobody else needs to get hurt.
youre not serious?
youre right. imim sorry. its just...
the zippers broken.
and you dont want that on your conscience, man. trust me.
why dont you keep this for evidence?
id say it was any one of these people in this restaurant.
yeah, i passed by the beanery. theyre kind of busy.
i mustve gotten my knots mixed up.
they might even name a lunch special after you.
like i was the last person on earth.
put the gun down.
i was with my parents.
youre affecting my cogitation.
remember? i told you they have fish here.
me, spoil things?
it was walt. shannon, please lower your voice.
maya st. germain, a.k.a. new girl.
alright, were dropping 33.
youpu gapays hapave fupun...
i need you to know that i am back on a righteous path now and that i regret my actions.
ive got to pinch a loaf.
no need of anything, lets take him with us.
you cant interrupt a link in progress.
dont you understand?
he barely talks to me, but he does wake up screamin in the middle of the night, and im the one thats got to tell him its gonna be okay.
hello?  miss littleton, its richard malkin.
thats what were supposed to say if we get captured and have a gun to our heads.
nobody thinks that a class president can make a difference, but i disagree.
get the stretcher!
stop sideseat driving!
then you suck up the tequila. you dont have to do it.  i dont think we need any of your babysitting here jake.
... theownerof rainbowfashions.
you see a date?
whats the matter with that?
what are you doing?
dont be ridiculous! im not a mammoth!
why dont you study for mba here?
he was out with angela on that day.
when do we leave?
an adf beacon.
you attribute divine power to me.
its too tight.
anyway,i found some clothes about your size.
i know conventional wisdom says to just gun it in the opposite direction.
i was just trying to help, jack.
listen, man, its been a couple of weeks now.
how much of... what?
whats with you and lana?
i assure you, i will find prince caspian and finish what our ancestors began.
eat some now, save some for later...
you were there.
dont worry about it. you had enough going on.
speak for yourself... i have a long life ahead... touchwood!
so we build the case.
no, no, no. i cant leave.
whats she doing here?
know why they call it a clipon?
we could sing in the street.
wheatish is fine.
how can i leave like that?
that was me seducing you, when it needs to be the other way around.
open the blinds.  no...
whatd he say?
if fiona and i share true loves kiss, i will get my life back!
ms. priya, dont worry. youll surely find your lmmy.
..it has brought us together.
you take the ultimate rush, you pay the ultimate price.
were going into fischers.
chuckles john come here, charles.
all the mammoths are in the ground.
its two out in the bottom of the ninth, kitt. ill finish the game.
maybe we oughta just head back.
can you give me a preview?
but im only getting paid forty.
what.. what are you doing?
she drops off the face of the planet. she turns up asking for money, telling me she put you up for adoption.
fun fact about andrew number 11
you were the only guy with an empty tray, so...
and then you just took off in the morning.
dont touch me.
everyone get to building 15 now!
escape? really? were all gonna escape.
theyre expecting me.
the routing orders at the pentagon.
what if the experiment wasnt on the two men here, but on the two men in there?
i just thought it would suit you.
i think itll take years.
i think you can do anything. dont you?
here at luthorcorp, we always put family first. isnt that right, dad?
may i see what it looks like first?
dont you wanna know whose boat it is?
shes in shock.
he has done it.
launch code confirmed.
calm down, all right?
..please guide and direct us for all our days. and protect us from evil.
why do you ask?
i dont think so, my friend.
why did that man kidnap you?
he used to be a supertoy, but now hes old and stupid.
guess he makes me feel safe.
and there is going to be a martyr.
we have the top three designers for the charles hammer grant!
whats this mean?
why did you stop your meds?
i guess youre the only one left to talk to.
trust me, i can do this.
later on, marieedwiges girlfriends came over.
doc, you wanna slow down?
she was on the plane.
poor fucking sober bastard.
how are the mazes coming along?
pushing back the seat
clark, i know that hes a friend of yours, but you saw him with your own eyes.
i give you permission to call to philly?
shes a bit under the weather, im afraid.
nikki is our life.
very juvenile. now watch this.
it was him or us, baby. we gotta go!
narad muni who creates discords between gods.
but he could.
l believe in destiny.
how did you get off the island?
you called us monsters?
its saturday, bernard.
he came to punish us cause we would not bow to the name of rome!
in fact, i hear the bite reflex is so strong they have to pry the victims jaws open with a crowbar.
this is 1206, over. you were right.
he is my son.
henry. henry gale.
forget that and wear it first.
ifwe talked about who had motive to kill terrence, wed be here all day.
fifteen hours earlier...
at least i pay attention.
the next time i will find me in the bedroom..
who knows whatll happen this time?
oh, thank goodness. dad...
whatever. i feel like im locked in this relationship out of guilt.
ive truly fallen in love for the first time.
i must be gone and live, or stay and die.  abby  owen
look at mr eko. no hesitation.
i cannot access your classified military files.
the rest is on you.
it doesnt require you to use your gifts and its a school activity you can make your own.
how you feeling today?
well hes  process when it comes to tom robinson,
id like a word, specialist.
they love it!
time to target, 2 minutes.
help me lead my men well.
all right, there you go.
he promised nandini that hell spend her birthday together.
sean is actually the man who finds this stuff.
he says that sea turtles live to be about 100 years old.
just like a white, beautiful place and a decent stove.
currents really rough down there.
would you? never trust a con, cowboy!
not that i know of.
i havent had one of those in way too long.
thats the antechamber outside the strong room.
like i said, war wound.
what the hell you think youre doing?
sir... that flat you wanted to give her...
yeah. itll look good.
the less i know?
its not your fault.
i have lost my senses.
you should hope your brothers sword is sharper than his pen.
youd never believe me if i told you.
what is wrong?
youre smoking in a public place!
im carrying a nuclear device.
you sure dont look happy.
and from what i can tell, madame nutsodoesnt seem too concerned with how to handle it.
ha, ha. you wait, theyll turn ugly.
but its all showing, vishal.
that doesnt mean hes not hungry.
good people who do good deeds.
but please return that toy.
perhaps we can go under it.
four around the perimeter will do the job.
i need you to watch it for me.
you guys havent eaten...
hey, son. just getting the old heros welcome, you know what i mean?
what, youre apologizing for bleeding?
he has come to wrong place at wrong time.
youre the only one who doesnt.
assuming well make it through the night.
people come in here, and when they leave they cant remember a thing.
they never gave me the chance to beg with folded hands.
if its unstable...
the larger the mass of an object, the quicker the effects of the shrink ray wear off!
still tugging on that leash, eh?
a boy whos been in a coma for four years came here and dug up these graves?
its all your fault, luthor.
thanks for the warmup, clark.
why are you going to washington dc?
he has been working with me for 12 long years, he knows everything about me, if he opens up against me even once, thats it!
what, fucking come in!
because im gonna give you some free advises, what?
thats not the reason, is it, clark?
we have men outside your homes.
what is she talking about?
im going over there.  still got my back?
microwave guns lead.
darcy wouldnt even look at me.
im gonna put you on auto pursuit.
but you should not be here.
my father and i have our annual fishing trip.
hey, there you are.
were fighting for our right to live.
im not even supposed to be here.
we got a development. you better come to the office.
because the victim was the vice presidents brother.
sure you have.
it was just a dream.
dont mistake coincidence for fate.
ive lived here since last fall. i couldnt wait to get out, but its growing on me.
youve reached scott.
hes a phantom, an apparition. second cousin to harvey the rabbit.
is that the new fianc?
eat breakfast now!
no, no, no. my uncle, you know, we thought he had testicular cancer.
mm, you smell like a roughneck.
i thought he was a circus cat.
let d help you tonight...
these words are like stones in my heart.
michael, if youre wrong...
our teacher gave us a funny assignment the other day
well... now that youre leaving voluntarily, it all becomes very civilized.
what do you mean why not?
id like you to take me to see jacob.
mummy is here, baby!
shell tell me.
in case you zoned out while tweezing your goatee, one of these yahoos took charlotte prisoner.
should i be concerned about this?
but most want some member of their family there, before they leave this world.
maybe the beatles were right, after all.
that was real and genuine.
and check it out.
..because every time you open your mouth, things go wrong.
i know you prefer champagne, but you believe us, you can trust crystal.
grandmothers love to give their stuff to their grandchildren.
is he dead? back up, handsome.
ramonas not a quitter.
why would she say that?
well, aint you the david niven.
no, its all right.
okay. no, no. thats no good.
at noon, the townspeople gather for a mysterious ritual.
all you have to do is follow me.
no, man, im just not coming.
james and phillipa are waiting for you!
... she thinks your a jerk...
gray, theyve burned her. shes got a guy on her tail.
well, what i do know is theres something in that jungle that eats people.
..ithe have had an accident.
aunty, where is raju?
you better watch your fucking ass buddy, before you lose it.
youre late, and i cant wait for you.
he says narsing didnt come there.
can you teach me?
i realize how strange this all is me, here.
well, you better take em all in now, buddy.
eat, change, put your laundry and dishes by the door.
and if his name has been forgotten today, it is for the sole reason... that his entire ambition was restricted to a domain... that leaves no trace in history
im waiting for someone.
yes, well, they are a very uncomplicated flower.
thats not a profession.
frank, you cant. we already are.
whats the assignment for today?
i saw them.  what?
claire i think she can help me.
wait. rose took your keys, turned into clark, and then tried to run you down?
great work, pal!
were not alone.
you dont get to decide this.
how could you say that after listening to him?
im confiscating this game.
he cant sit still.
dad, chloe told me the agency you used was only open six months and i was the only kid adopted.
but you gotta get real.
maybe the waitress i saw at the casino wasnt your sister.
are you sure we got a deal this time?
no, i know it.
i won because of you...
you cant drive up and ring a bell.
look, you can talk to me now or later.
and you shouldnt be chasing after mardon alone, partner.
all right. so, how does this look?
i want you to press number 31. see it?
it was like his religion.
i remember walking through the parking structure.
like i said, i always appreciate persistence.
lisa, im so sorry for calling.
john i like to think its because im a lone wolf.
if i ever see you again, i will take your soul straight down to hell!
im not leaving you alone.
were initiating sequence code.
i havent seen him since things jumped off.
have you seen other people on this island?
jodi, you feeling okay?
with one call, i can ensure that there will be no record that you actually walked this earth.
its problem to me if i button up the top one.
keep a safe distance from each other.
where were you?
you are seeing her fully clothed for the first time. lts your sisterinlaw.
he knows he doesnt have a chance.
thatll close out your account, mrs. oats, two gulps and a swig.
the cops are on their way.
what, like a giant?
not by yourself.
why are you looking at me like that?
were not dead yet.
right over there. right there.  excuse me.
hes also a brahmin, we are from hyderabad and hes from allahabad.
well, you were older then.
why didnt you?
well, then what were you doing sitting outside a prison?
i wont touch it. i just want to look.
enough of it.
youd have to buy out the entire cabin and the firstclass flight attendant.
i can buy again.
dont sound so shocked, clark.
we continue on with the job, and we do it as fast as possible and we get out using the kick, just like before.
youre not made of steel. or are you?
then i thank you, elizabeth.
but nothing happened...
please forgive me if you can.
i feel free.
i have the package in sight.
can i interview some models?
if you want my help, were gonna open the case together.
what am i talking about?
if i die, it will be due to your constant lecturing.
you dont have any emotions or sentiments.
we gotta get behind them!
but once youve crossed that line, theres no going back.
who would you rather meet in a dark alley, whatevers out there, or that geezer with his 400 knives?
gentlemen, i have attempted to dissuade you from this wayward behavior.
where you held me in the pool and about searching moles on my body.
doctor, how long will nikki have to endure all this?
but didnt expect so quickly. im going back to native place.
gonna be fun.
come on, lucas, lets go.
yeah, we showed those scary vultures!
who, coincidentally, has 14 kills.
the numbers... theyre cursed.
our death is a joke to you people
..can have this impact.
we cant just let those people die.
look at me, hey, look at me! its okay.
whats for dinner?
they found alisons body.
hmm take off ur pants of theyre gonna piss on u oye english!
anything like that?
my sister got herself killed in a car crash.
now, i couldnt be in there all the time, so i created a program in my own image that could think.
its important to give time to family too. bye.
did she flee her house?
everything smells of bacon.
we built our own world.
ill send you a postcard.
i was fast asleep.
hey kiddo, you better hear
who can bear to look at you now?
i can see that..
all will be in my grasp.
whats that for?
hold your fire. dont shoot!
when the baby... yeah. i mean, that is just not...
so you people can just... come and go?
meet me on sublevel b when youre done.
how do you feel, mr. lucas?
please leave now.
mother is waiting for you.
everybody is wearing sari!
covered from head to toe?
the rash has even started to fade.
then ill do whatever
now take a deep breath and follow richard under.
ill carry him.
you wanna help us out over here?
scott jackson worked for an internet company in santa cruz.
letter was in the hand..taxi was at the gate..
wait. can you tell me...
my name is sanjay.
chloe, its open.
i know. i saw lnmate on the caller id.
look, puss, im a little pressed for time.
why didnt you tell anyone?
i have to go.
no. my name is caesar. we had an accident.
my darling grace.
how do i know youre not gonna run off and meet your people first chance you get?
its over? of course its over.
but i need you now, soldier.
hey, ma. its late. what are you doing up?
do you know anything about hunting boar? you are gonna get yourself lost or worse.
you know what? great. stay here.
dump the wallet.
but i only have three francs.
to where i cant move a muscle?
is that gross...?
did you really do all the things you say you did?
no yaar but i have her landline no.
he handled the situation so well that everyone was relaxed.
amazing, but are we lost?
theoretically, if you can create a vortex barrier.
damn right it is. what is all this?
ithe trained him.
youd better leg it, mate.
it is english regency egyptian revival, built in the 1800s but, yes, it is new to my office.
systems tech at vericom, 22 years old.
who is that girl?
last night, a pipe burst upstairs, flooded the place.
raise your arms.
i cant see anything.
you got some... arnzt on you.
come on, we got to keep going.
there were no facts to confront.
no, we have an apartment on central park west.
take a looksee over here!
im sorry for what i did to you.
crab did what he always did when he was doing big business
take my advice.
..your dad will lose the election.
he didnt think he made the cut, but someone fell out.
i used to nose around for army intelligence back in nam.
how about this?
he made it out.
i am here.
how can i be normal with a name like beezus?
and its just as likely that were moving, your people and us.
something may go wrong.
the pleasure is all mine.
how dare you...?
get your thumbs up!
ive come to help your father. and you.
dont like it.
we cant be consumed by our petty differences any more.
look at this.
i dont have time.
i was traveling alone.
he heh ehehe what pen sir?
the others are on the other side. well,they aint right onthe her side.
what do you want me to say?
anyway, we should try to forget that night..
it figures youd side with her.
you walk within 100 feet of her, thats 10 years.
is she looking out?
back to the future, man.
clark, youre gonna be late!
is it just because you have nowhere else to go?
and ladies first.
shes a huge dr. phil fan.
so youre a werewolf?
what if it doesnt?
but its surprising that those workers who went to work in your house met with an accident while returning.
take my sisterinlaw back...
shall i leave, mr. principal?
yeah, right around the corner.
and were a family again!
how do you swing that, co?
youre about as much fun as a divorce. which is not a bad idea.
i dont know but i found this story in the smallville ledger.
they stole a computer disk that contains confidential information.
she talked about marriage. congrats.
on tat day, u were missin ur mom a lot..right?
they burned a bunch of stuff before we got here.
sir, he was studyin sir..he was studyin whole night sir!
were full, partner, no room.
now we ride!
you guys sit here and ill be back with ice cream...
sometimes after work, i go to the park and feed the birds.
your pampering has ruined him!
ive only thrown in the bait.
clu had him on the light cycle grid.
he is not good enough for you.
do you believe a man can fly?
all seven of them.
your part of the deal.
the coroner, hes dead.
so howd you come up with this?
well, we had to connect. we didnt know anybody else.
my dad didnt deserve this.
with your tarp.
oh, were going to get caught.
thats the price of being a miracle worker.
what we think we know, is that theres some kind of electro chemical communication between the roots of the trees.
a substitute teacher, miss navarrin, will replace her.
have you understood his plan?
were searching for the book..
dont do this.
my hotel wouldve become the most famous hotel in italy.
and david continued to pray to the blue fairy she who smiled softly forever.
still a mystery, but im working on it.
so, mr. principal, on whose name should i make the cheque?
you are out of your mind!
the compressors still on.
i wasnt aware that the fringe division was overseeing this.
jins still inside!
whoa, guys. what are you doing here?
we walked around and talked.
i almost didnt recognize you.
hey, is this me?
they called, he answered.
oh darling you look so beautiful seems like you have been made for me
well, i, um...
unlimited supply of fresh water.
the fire nation destroyed this temple.
hot love pumping in my veins
come on, please. stop.
to things that happened to you here.
no, it wouldnt, clark.
jaundice and malaria.
i warned you.
i think my mothers soul would rest in peace now.
thats really good thinking.
let him be brought to the scaffold.
why?  don never goes alone.
what? whats wrong with her? gurgle
youll want to contact agent mulder.
my men are still down there.
why do you really need to go back?
its like something just smashed the car right into him.
theres no party without the cake...
go inside..n send suhas the hymns are going on pia..if i get up n go then all will be furious yaar!
you said you remembered!
im afraid there was nothing specifically designated for you.
i was just heading to the beach.
then what is?
clever boy. giggles john
theres a boat out there!
ill buy you a rabbits foot at the gift shop.
i think our nondate freaked him out.
you feeling nauseated, sick?
and today, we have with us mr. and mrs. zakir khan.
..for twothree weeks.
all right, well, lucky for you,
i knew this would happen!
listen, martin. while you were gone, there was some sort of a sickness.
some would say, im the reverse.
that way, maybe 5 miles.
thats ham hock.
she took over for harry when he died.
you have this coffee.
theres a dharma station 15 minutes from here. you mean the hatch?
so do i. i got the job.
a rock hammer.
whenever i see you..
when i knew i was being sent to prison, my attorney petitioned the d.o.c.
what?  thanks, man.
you made it pretty clear you werent interested.
he busted out of jail. you think hes here?
youll go further than anyone in town.
locke yeah, i agree with jack.
fine, then destiny will bring us together.
no. youre gonna mop this up.
didnt tell anyone, just ran off in the middle of the night.
by then, there wasnt nothing we could do.
whatll happen then?
let go of me.
footprints, three distinct sets all over the place.
he never does anything wrong
you had your chance to know.
he was in shock.
by the way, dominic tell your sister i said hi.
next inmate that opens his mouth goes in the hole!
i thought we were going to sitka.
um, im still iffy on whether bowling is an actual sport.
wait a minute. hurley?
i wont do anything crazy.
dont you have work to do?
beeping continues branches scratch rattling, beeping continues tires screech reverse thrusters!
we already had it.  yes!
i snuck in after visiting hours.
im opening my own salon there.
just... dont be embarrassed.
dont you recognise me?
the point is im trying to flesh out the details of that summer.
my friend could be alive, right? please give me a chance.
yeah, i put it on the fridge.
my house isnt a charitable institution that anyone can stay here.
i need you coherent, leese.
why take it out on our best chance at getting off the island?
we made it this far.
then we go to the bs. then we...
and im sorry about the last couple months, but ill see you real soon, okay?
or its goanna kill us.
then i found that i could move things just by thinking.
l will kill you.
gentlemen, we need to move on this.
hey, you just drive...drive...
marooned here in this place for 15 long years.
thank you, over.
ill see you later.
come out, my friend.
ohh... what kind of jaies do you think new girl wears?
i was only stung several hundred times.
youre not cute like a doll.
but they were fixing a water valve in the master bath and they didnt fix the right one so if anyone uses the plumbing...
i never expected to get caught in murder case.
whatever you want!
what kind of man sends his own kid to do his dirty work?
and id be willing to do that for 3.2 million.
must you always play the cynic?
leave me alone.
youre in a good mood.
look, you already told iris how you feel,
today, well live every moment like a lifetime.
dont. come on.
oh, uh, its okay.
dude, we gotta book.
can we, uh, not talk about that, please?
i sit next to jenna in bio class. remember, you dumped her last week?
thats not possible.
can i walk you home?
what about my son?
what are you saying man?
sir now u can go to hotel!
well, for gods sake, watch your back.
so lost, lost
i got some of that spice.
why are you feeling so much?
we have to ask you to stay calm, and its important for everyone not to panic.
is she gonna make it?
to honour and respect them is our foremost duty.
you need only four. the rest will get spoilt. what did you say the name was?
how far your matter with machirajus sister has come?
okay, what was that about?
everybody i care about just blew up on your damn boat.
sorry about the handcuffs, but at least were in business.
give me a couple of these, too.
i did wrong
i get it if you think that this is really stupid and reckless.
i could shoot the manager while i was at it.
remember my words and keep the change.
ill see you guys tonight.
please think it over.
im gonna change that though.
forget it. i didnt hear anything.
we dont leave our nests.
then, ill come by auto, you drop chandu at her home.
am i glad to see you.
when i say, now, let it out.
you know the best candidate for this kind of mission.
we have to leave. all right?
by the age of thirteen, madame gaillard no longer had room for jeanbaptiste... and therefore decided to sell him.
you were supposed to come right back.
but im... patient.
we dont need him anymore.
if i stay here hell follow me and i..
get off me!
that was bad form.
something happened to you, i just dont know what.
so howd you figure out where it was, dude? i didnt.
oh, my god, penny. you did it.
just wanna go home.
and what is that?
why dont you ask your mom what it means?
right about what?
i dont know you!
ive seen it.
carrie killed mike.
dont set your sights on van heusen suitings.
if she was one of yours, youd want the same.
im only talking about moving into the valley.
how can he be your soninlaw?
he talked me through it.
i love you, hon.
tell me about it!
like a million bucks, thrown in the washing machine and set on spin.
i wish there is someway i can repay you.
what are you doing here?
it may be official, but it doesnt make sense.
you said you could do it.
that they can not take whatever they want!
go on! kick him in the face!
i hear you have the flight manifest, and i need it and want you to give it to me.
but its so long that i dont remember everything...
what about this one?
up in the sky, i saw you and the moon.
pressure sucked and it kind of went cold at one point, and it smelled a little bit like sulphur, but it was a shower.
you descended upon lifes placid lake... like a rare moon, slowly, gently
upstairs bathroom offlimits after nuclear chili dinner.
oh! happy club.
every peewee in the town knows what an fbi rear antenna looks like.
it must be that flight.
is that how the police build their cases these days?
i took out a bit of a life insurance policy, ben.
i dont give a damn about the breastplate.
you dont have to be a wiseass.
nanny! how dare you kiss your boss..
i see youve been getting more sun. iraq is lovely this time of year.
you guys, want to go to the pool?
but, like, shit, this is the middle of nowhere.
i picked up your path about a mile back. i thought id say howdy.
sergeant yureks going to run first.
who really matters to you.
were gonna be late!
i, um, i thought about going to the funeral,
you seem like a person who wouldnt run from anyone.
theres nothing to worry about.
and that, as they say, is that.
i know what i told her, but thats not why were going to jacob.
book washed up on shore.
no, ths... thats okay.
i want to, clark. so does your dad.
it gets cold in edge city, so i packed some of clarks old jackets...
i saw something.
i mean i dont want a thai foot massage.
theres not gonna be a lot left of them after the race.
youve been lying on this bed for the past ten days.
i know i did.
let her look.
... thereisno turningback.
i can do this.
do you attend a college?
you dont have any blankets?
but dont worry. its not fatal.
we gotta get my thumb back.
we gotta get her up to the back room, ok?
i said go inside!
a camping trip or something.  so when do we get back in that room?
but you can make amends.
edward, if the volturi had knowledge of victoria, they would have stopped her.
if this were anywhere else, id order a battery of tests.
i understand your people from the beach are being brought to the freighter.
where did he go?  off into the woods.
madam is near the pool, go and ask her.
what if theyd sent you to taylorville or marion and not here?
you said she went somewhere.
she went from uptight but normal to uptight and totally insane.
i was protecting you and mom.
father.. your daughterinlaw.
consider the message delivered.
i seriously doubt that.
you want to know why he went after that one?
previously on prison break...
may i go now?
now, why dont you suit up?
ill take their word for it.
when kasim makes you rub lamps..
make it easy on yourself, norton!
sir, i paid rasool after he threatened my family.
hes asking if you could drop him on the way.
yes it can, if you dont know what you want to be.
you ever play operation?
and the authorities around the southern region have been alerted. we now go live to alex, whos on location. thank you, janice.
naomi she lied. look, the people on the boat arent who they say they are!
oh, there you are.
everythings gonna be all right.
i never got a chance to...
give me a call tomorrow.
you said i am a child and i should mind my own business.
but your name is aladin, isnt it, duffer?
youre supposed to refrigerate that after you open it.
... theonlyreasonany man ever wants to talk to me...
so, i couldnt fulfil them.
i tried it.
hes innocent, forgive him.
no, theyre not gone.
thats my kid!
youve to change your decision, even if sage helps me or not.
why are you calling me on this number?
she took my baby!
the good news is that they liked this mad girl... they have accepted the proposal.
lets see it...
ls there a on in every street of tamil nadu?
what are you smiling about?
dont they teach you how to read?
well, at least they know where we are.
i think she watches all the channels.
yeah, thats right.
the city was designed to withstand any assault.
your honor,id like to renew my objection to this witness on the basis of relevance.
mr. fischer, im here to protect you in the event that someone tries to access your mind through your dreams.
look at the water.
if she knows, shell definitely try to break our love.
claire and charlie. they were together.
they keep it guarded 247. two guards, two guns.
im so glad youre home.
dont say that.
im just the key, dr. hamilton.
try and use big words.
please take me with you.
the following day his review appears.
ill pick you up friday at 800 and well eat.
you are omaticaya now.
she left the final determination up to me.
i know most people think you walk on water, coach.
gave mr. nixon a map of the crash site.
you knew marla?
no, no, no, everythings fine.
someday id like to be president.
they are a little angry with us.
are you so glad of that magic horn now, boy?
sir. we have to go.
i felt perfect.
hes not in charge anymore.
the cows arent going to feed themselves.
prepare to defend the eagle!
mr. fleming, can i talk to you for a minute?
but whatever happens, sun, you have my word.
why not?  l just cant.
your father is here.
im in a club with lanas aunt.
listen up, cause were only gonna have this conversation once.
but we all knew.
what do i pay you for?
i wont drink or smoke again.
my dad is outside, but my mother will handle it.
hes not getting better if we dont get stronger antibiotics.
ok..remove ur name from the letter and put rancchodas chhanchads name!
the big blue. whats it like?
why do i have to tell you over and over again?
like maybe we could be more than friends.
youre only a half mile away.
what did he want?
i could go out there. i could signal you by hand.
raju, get on the table..see me push the baby down like this..
this ones gonna cost him.
youve made the right point, ill call him now.
was he killed last, sir?
..wanting to meet the president of his country?
we are not going.
okay, im holding.
in this manner, you will both stay as fresh and alert utmost importance that when the alarm sounds, the code be entered correctly and in a timely fashion.
he didnt put up a fight.
john, now you cant ignore me forever.
..to launch a herbal shampoo.
get your hands off me!
come on. come on.
im coming to london in three days.
i found them.
weve been walking all day.
no, i didnt.
hes gonna help us take care of our problem. youd better get going.
if shes not answering texts, what makes you think shes checking facebook?
oh, theyre quite chatty once you get them started.
its a good thing im travelling with my doctor, then.
he speaks in hindi, do you know hindi?
woman eighteen hours in a holding cell should be enough.
take a shower, get dressed, get to the hospital?
look at this.
and i love you.
so, let there be light.
it is ok, baby.
not as much as melissa.
all right. im coming.
you see, this is what im talking about.
what do you want me to tell you?
its very secure. you stay there and wait for my call.
no, dont do that!
i dont. i just figured i could make a difference.
where are u, since then im callin u?
yes, you can. i have water, towels.
i beat your men.
i gotta go.
bailiff,please take the defendant into custody.
your affection is quite overwhelming.
so dont say that they have some kind of arrangement or understanding or something,
give him the kick.
be careful if you want to live!
are you scared?
yes, we will build our own rocket using this and whatever else we can find!
i wont regret dying if i die making an effort.
he was the only one who could communicate with the spirit world.
a little parole rejection present.
did that one get bigger? tremendous. trophy size.
block em out, block em out, block em out.
what was it i was supposed to do?
you couldve died. i appreciate your help.
! sweet.  totally.
thats your idea of a bad word, ramona?
i guess she knew why i asked for the money.
theyll bear the expenses of the function.
i have my cowboy right here.
no, no, no, no, no. were just...
i beg your pardon, sir...?
cos you got college?
i cant believe your sudden interest in the place.
no, no. i wasnt looking at you.
he was helping melissa dispose of some things that... wren left behind.
im fine, how are you?
for being my friend.
you are gonna give me fibonacci once were outside these walls, right?
you think i want to break out of here?
john, they haunt you though.
of course. did you ever get that gulf war syndrome?
the others are why she would go there.
dont get me upset...
do you remember goodwin?
if i can understand the notations...
warden wants you.
he just lost his mother.
..and meet on the same floor..
will anyone commit a mistake knowingly?
were not exactly sure.
you guys work for her too?
i want a gun with bullets.
a real veer.
while michael leads you by land, i can approach far more quickly by sea, and i can go ashore undetected.
take vincent and go back to camp.
why didnt you think of that earlier?
oh, i used to get angry.
what are you doing?
hes already here
go ahead, but ill die before i give them back.
good, good, good.
but the train continues to speed in excess of 75 miles an hour.
unfortunately, theres more than one phelan out there in the world.
what is the guarantee that..
theyre on the list, juliet.
the only thing im gonna miss in smallville is you.
and so the people worshipped idols.
the harm is you are telling these people about airplanes and satellites coming out of nowhere to save the day.
wash your hands first...
you were supposed to turn off the ac, not turn on the furnace.
we want to thank you and tell you whats in store for you next.
and the doctor that he was supposedly
if this is a dream, i should just kill myself to wake up, right?
itd be a good chance for us to spend some time together.
i believe that god has made a match for everyone.
why are you telling me this, sayid?
they believe against all odds and all evidence that tomorrow will be better than today.
its beautiful, but it...
no, but theyll be home any minute.
pretty funny, hooah?
i know youre good, but all that paper leaves a trail.
not yet seen her.
if its sealed up inside a statue, how would i know?
you look a little...
good choice, i hope you enjoy your new mobile connection.
get us out of here now. get us out of here now!
so then no breakfast...
lts tributaries are the aube, marne, oise and yonne.
excuse me... excuse me, sir...
they are not pyjamas!
what about you?
you got kicked out because you couldnt follow orders.
oh, i think choo choo knows better than that. he goes into that tunnel, hes never coming back out.
i know what youre doing.
my whole heart.
i know youre worried, but earl has more trouble than he can handle.
go to sioux city.
this girls affection is breezing past my heart,
if father catches us..
i love you more.
i cornered you?
my father and two brothers died.
me too, except if im punished. which is often.
and make sure you tell kate!
im glad it was me and not one of you guys.
the man killed the vice presidents brother.
were done. have a nice hike.
you make yours.
what do we know? he was the ceo of ecofield, right?
finally, the base cord
miles, what happened?
you spoiled my coat.
then whatd you just put in your bag?
okay. mr. khan, we are done here.
hail mother india.
you cant get more satisfying than that!
youre home early.
are you on campus already?
ill be back in two or three days.
i need to see him.
i mean, maybe you... still think of me as just a friend,
three funnels were spotted heading towards smallville.
ill pay you rs.1 crore.
how can i help?
i dont know what it is.
i hope youve come for a haircut.
tell them how to bring those sons of bitches down.
sir. im a bad omen, but not a liar.
go, go, go, go.
i will make you editor. happy?
she makes us all use the same words from the same list.
indeed, we are.
its my work truck.
you dont. no one does.
i cant leave you midway.
excuse me! coming through. behind you.
to the tourist trade.
we shouldve... we shouldve caught up with em by now.
call the other planes back.
he keeps it in his state room.
l have a patient in the neighborhood.
what do you need to lay the rails and move the boat?
come on, man, i know youre out there.
and yet, in 39 years my wife has never complained.
youre from forks. you know the area.
i see my 8yearold boy today.
i am sorry !
hey, dispatch, we got a disabled vehicle on 9th and the 110.
son, can you get that trap out of there for me?
escort the prisoner back to his cell.
you sure it wasnt south?
you will have to lie.
electricity must charged him up like a duracell.
so who came up with superboy?
anything that looks like itd work as a frame.
are you asking to know more?
im just going to the restroom, not home.
thats what it said in the papers, but thats not what really happened.
on one end is rukhsar and the other is aunteee...
will you go out on a date with me?
whad he tell you?
i dont know why its bothering me so much.
dev didnt listen to me. he said such terrible things
i dont know, might be harder than you think.
hey manny! diego! , !
hey, big guy.
what can he tell them now bella dear alice,
dont remind me.
all passengers travelling to madhavgarh, shyamgarh, ratanpur... please get down here.
i wanted to take you along with me but she wouldnt let me.
thats the real reason you ran when you saw me in the store.
hey man, you have to pay tax for this.
but you could build yourself one hell of a beach resort right over there.
then give me some shooters and ill circle us to the bird.
enjoy your sodding book.
he survives a fullon commercial airliner crash.
either way, the army is coming and there arent enough of us to protect the town.
in a place like that, i could use a man that knows how to get things.
he tried to kill you.
well its late.
well, ill be leaving you two. have a good time.
stick to business.
very soon ill find the reason why you dont leave this house.
lets just say its a long road between whats sitting in our storm cellar and whats written on your birth certificate.
all right, officer.
my daughter, the swan queen.
you know what?
you listen to me, brother, and you listen carefully.
you got to take over from me. both hands.
i needed to find help.
ok, lets go.
when it comes to your secret you do.
youre gonna have to settle for the mexican jew.
i mean, theyre like huge wolves.
then were done, dude.
when i was in the army in tikrit in iraq, the man who lived next door was a policeman.
im in on it now.
something tells me youre good for it.
they say the design symbolizes strength and courage.
where are my babies?
wow. someone got in the administrations collective face.
we should not turn our back on it.
its because hes not used to it.
its no big deal.
oh, id better call my mother. well, look who we have here.
what are you going to do?
youre not impressing anyone with the attitude, lana.
if it makes you guys feel any better you should have seen my aunts face when i took this job.
whitney, lets just dance.
64, 220 pounds.
this is supposed to be an open visitation. why are we doing it in here?
wait, you have a radio?
this one very simple idea that changed everything.
no, dont act as if i wanted this.
hey, its gonna be okay.
i just thought wed, you know, fraternize.
no, its not possible.
well, sheriff, if we was to hit the mother lode, being prospectors and such, where would we deposit said annuity?
wow!  you can call me gert.
makes 110 a day.
you heard the news, didnt you?
its okay. dont make yourself uncomfortable.
i have done nothing but give back to this community and all anyone has ever done for me is screw me over.
then is it you who killed him?
loyalty is a virtue.
trickortreat. same as you.
papa, will you please tell me now whats happening.
mrs. gandhi, hes jatin.
youre holding up the show!
is ther with everyone,.... everyone keeps it hidden........ nobody never gives it...... eeaan eaan?
can i drop the wire?
wait. just listen. i want to write an article about you.
well, hes the important sort.
well, i guess thats understandable.
he was a genius, for one.
um, split when i was young.
now why would i do that?
they think that i am some kind of joke.
scream. im game if you are.
let me have a little word with my brothers..
its just its just bad luck.
his neck was broken. both arms. all the bones in his fingers.
whats these really about huh?
the eternally unattainable ideal.
you havent heard.
looks like you took a pretty good hit.
youre rubbing the wrong sides of two dangerous criminals.
okay? whos just okay?
i think it was some sort of wrapper once.
youll think im talking silly but im serious.
ill figure it out.
i was expecting lafleur.
touch my brother again, and ill show you.
fordman, get over here.
move away. i need to go urgently.
ill take them.
i see no evidence thatjustifies the legitimacy of these investigations.
youve got a bright future ahead of you and i want you to make the most of it.
my father is the chief of surgery.
and you did.
i figured he could use some fatherly advice before its...
they can only protect you for some time.
tell us what it is.
since whitneys dad has been in the hospital, theres been a nofly zone over lana.
those things can see it, so turn it off!
come on, open up!
god has blessed you with everything dad...
mm, you smell good.
theres only one person who believed that...
okay, okay, okay.
you are not dealing with the loss of your people, and your responsibility for their deaths.
so youre telling me he just woke up?
you, you are drunk, reznik.
it was his name.
apparently, i have a clean bill of health.
of course i am. dont be ridiculous. rifles cocking
and when the smoke clears...
the whole familys from stanton.
zuse can unite the factions, foment revolution.
so i thought of meeting my old friends.
what does she know about kids?
what are you doing?
okay, thats 74.50.
any of it.
you dont have to do this, mom.
i dont see any reason why they need to know.
no, thanks. i already had a big bowl of curlytoed weirdo for breakfast.
could you do me a favour and fix this bellick thing for me?
what is it about the burrows situation that i can help you with?
youve been hoarding like a packrat, and you dont have a single laptop?
no, clark, ive seen you.
ok, put it there.
ive arranged this meeting to bring you all together.
this is a good one.
that wont break, whatever its made of.
the guys been out 24 hours, already wants to do a job.
a matter of minutes.
he was there for only 8 hours. and madam? for 8 days
a prisoner from cell block 3.
im going to marry margaret tate.
hey! knock it off!
im sorry, im sorry.
so, baby brother, you got any?
because it could cost me my life and possibly yours.
i just dont want history to repeat itself.
im thinking early retirement, john.
i was... confused. scared.
but im not in a hospital.
go on, tell the story.
i knew it.
come on, man.
im alright. im alright.
theyre encountering a lot of resistance. 64 out.
hes playing piano over there right now.
im coming with money.
no, were not taking hostages now.
you have to give the baby maker a rest tonight.
there is no solution.
but it doesnt mean you get to be rude.
and if youre not interested in what i have, i know of another luthor who will be.
to say that both the meal and its maker have challenged my preconceptions about fine cooking is a gross understatement.
she had her pet cat stuffed when he died,
you live at 311 hazer street in quincy with a wife named linda and three small dogs.
thats right, civilized.
and our bond is greater than youve ever wanted to acknowledge
and, if you do well let you and walt go free.
you can lead us back to camp, right?
shed been in the water two hours.
no, boone, no.
well, i cant just drop everything and go.
went home early. started going through some of my dads things.
they attacked me.
sean, you have to get to a hospital.
my lord, you forbade me from mentioning the old tales.
if thats what you want, im not goanna stop you.
if it wasnt here, it wasnt my problem.  my dad lost our farm because of you.
there is a black book in that house.
i know it.
i dont like feeling like the odd man out.
may he rest in peace, huh?
for 2 days, im stuck by game of destiny.
the word that i used was love.
how come he didnt fall through?
lets go home! please!
the lux atlantic lts in...
looking at you like a stranger,
thats goddamn right.
greg, watch out!
hes gone.  itll be ok.
i wasnt any more fit to be your boyfriend than i am to be that little girls father.
mugging.. robbery.. rape!
pete, im going to reach in there and grab that book.
they wanted to test to see if...
wed like to keep the fur on our bodies, thank you!
fact that you know what formally means...
but one of these days ill find you and give you this letter, so youll remember what you done to me.
francine feels a little too much, if you ask me.
i mean, seriously, who doesnt serve booze at a wake?
oh, no, thatll work out great.
shes saying the crew is dead.
have you trapped his sister as his man?  i know it now only.
well, thanks for pointing that out, kate.
that our world wasnt real.
he just left grand!
because in real life... no girl like you would ever like me.
youre gonna leave me with the mad scientist and mr. i speak to dead people?
hey, its you!
no way, why would i get scared?
youll teach us lessons?
i think youre lying.
when do i get it back?
i thought he knew me.
what did you expect, a briefcase full of plutonium?
tell him i intend to change that.
do you really think that youre the only person down here?
if he thinks i killed him, then hes insane.
she was in sick bay.
can you teach me that?
and even i like to shock me.
a nations collapse is all down to this one man?
if youll excuse me for a moment, i have to attend to something.
im just asking you to point me in the right direction.
come on, its lovely.
women and children among them. over.
come on, pull!
listen, craigs been on this case.
i got trust issues.
he loves me but not coming out.
youve seen the blueprints.
higher! higher, daddy!
i had promised prabha aunty that...
and if not... soon, therell be nothing left to protect.
but they are still very much in love.
well, maybe just one.
very many, with much clarity.
whats a 4letter word for i dont care?
why did we take so much risk?
girls, this is lily.
whats going on between us.
its only a matter of time before were found
wearing a suit and his boots kanhaiyya has arrived to play a band.
someones got a bad valve.
you are not gonna believe where i am.
now, swords and shields dont play until the second lap.
of course, getting report cards is no fun for anyone.
where will you sleep?
we need better clothes.
thats where the chocolate got its name, incidentally.
both rukhsar and you come to the party with the kulfi.
no, not khan.
hetal, go and sleep in sandys room.
sorry, i cant do it.
..whom i asked for your cabin number.
first, you have to do something for me.
although each of the worlds countries would like to dispute this fact, we french know the truth
come in the rains, here rivers flow.
is your problem solved?
i trust you have a very good reason for this untimely interruption.
theres a man just like him.
you know you dont have to do this if you dont want to.
you wanna talk about that today?
we dont know anything about this. any luck fixing the satphone?
either we make a decision, or i call ann arbor... and they make it for us.
god, that was such a rush.
i beat him badly.
and we will settle in frankfurt.
but we know youre incredibly busy with a room full of gardeners and delivery boys to tend to.
are you all right?
shes not here now.
what does it look like?
im just, uh... just a little dehydrated.
and i can train with her after school, and try running it myself in the summers.
this moment will be the most cherished memory of my life, hey, its siva.
and what does that spell?
elephants not a dog.
pete nominated me.  so youre taking your name off the ballot?
youre a dentist.
im gonna get some air.
all right. lets spread out, search the jungle.
dont miss under any circumstance.
... ...professor allen hobby writes of that which transforms mecha into orga.
i never wanted to hurt you.
its come back. its popular.
then i realized he wasnt breathing.
hes a trustee, ones with a high security clearance.
and where are they now...
you happen to find any shampoo in here?
whats wrong with you?
i sing the chorus to you all everybody. oh, yeah.
did you push the button or not?
its all gone.
sorry, i couldnt reply.
put your arms out.
shes saradammas grand daughter.
use the vines from the stretcher.
i hit it! i hit it!
maybe you are the wrong guy to go on the raft.
hows it going, bob?
maybe we should consult with aro.
since when, michael?
this is your safe house.
i have to go.
you brought rahul home one day...
so i suppose this is whats best.
... anda manwalkedout ofthewoods .
her name is noor abed jaseem.
its not cinnamon...
lets go, keep moving!
the decision you gotta make right now is this.
im not just gonna hide while youre out taking all the risks for me.
would you have the people in place to make sure you disappeared forever?
they sent me here... to learn your ways.
3d, my room number.
but you have to teach me... how to capture the smell of all things.
so, how many other girls do you bring here?
i can hear you breathing.
did it work?
im just down here thinking how this whole fucked up day is your fault.
who the hell let you out?
theres sombody i want you to meet.
would you care to tell me, eloise, why the dharma initiative seems to have declared war on us?
and.. and who will be her fiance? who will it be?
im  clark kent, jonathan and marthas son.
we split up. i thought shed be here.
why is this happening?
i know how to do it.
from the portuguese word barroco meaning misshapen pearls...
i will make sure that he doesnt..
although, it is true.
the average death match fight garners a 50 share.
or maybe im afraid of what will happen if i fail.
well, do you miss it?
i couldnt get close.
i believe that many people here dont like the police i like such people
ratnam, tell our men to do theirjob silently.
yada, yada, yada.
why is there a news crew here?
i was hoping there still might be something i could contribute.
blues a good color on you.
let the girl go?
how carefully you fold it up. it means something to you.
these little guys love me!
theres the person that everybody sees and the person that you wanna be.
and still, he kept sending those letters.
what are you doing home so early?
you invaded narnia.
affair with resorts owner.
yeah, ill get on it.
you told sayid?
im not heading back.
take the bodies and cremate them.
you left the money?
all right, enough with the heavy.
come on!  please get back into the van.
why would a mother let her daughter do something like that?
whats that supposed to mean?
sarah,we need you to upload the files.
sox got rocked.
pushing the button.
ill get him some water. givegive him some air, guys.
bro, you need to pull it together.
what do you want, arzt?
to the victor belongs the spoils.
i run one of the subsidiaries.
crush them all.
its all right.
come back to me, baby.
gladys allonbys been dressed for her 14th birthday ever since her 40th.
theres a reason for that.
you said john was in charge.
or forging a new destiny free from you.
why would i give you charlotte for nothing?
youd do that for me?
oxygen supply at 50.
no, of course i like you.
ellie, dont worry! were going for help
all right, gentlemen, were on.
ill tell you when.
now, i think your friends have slept long enough, dont you?
this one.. this one i cant repair.
im counting on you to make his visit unforgettable.
why is he doing this?
shut up and make another pass. you want to make another pass, you can jump out.
look after that, bobby knows the complete details of the girl.
l guess thats us.
so its not just about me?
actually to celebrate your wedding, friend served me.
lana, hi. come in.
i come home from work, 2 weeks ago and shes texting on the phone.
it was not a customer.
will you please let me tell fully?
there was something in my book.
now. princess, give me your shirt. i need to wrap the dynamite.
damn it, too soon!
before i could express my love, she got married.
did my assistant offer you something to drink?
your father... kicked us out when you were just a baby.
i thought we were focusing on me.
listen, its a little difficult to talk right now.
yeah, well, you got to be careful, though.
i know how you must be feeling.
thanks for the serenade, but unless youre sleeping here, which youre not im heading out.
time is little now...
however, does not account for small unidentified object found in subjects nasal cavity.
its a first step. thats what science is.
but the chicken is not good.
his name was stewart.
you gotta come down here with an attitude, actin all big and bad.
shes the head of the avatar program.
jake you have to come inside.
what better place to dream than in paris?
and my love story remained incomplete.
westmoreland knows, and his jaw aint that strong.
i will fly with you.
now, hold on, jake.
i got one last debt to pay.
do you remember the first of july, 2006?
in our cell?
what kind of hell would that be?
come on sister....push..u can do it! come on mona..mona push
you cant be serious.
im mr. fitz, your new english teacher.
they neither demand nor complain.
i take it you didnt invite him along.
i know. i know.
yeah... i love the south.
i dont see em.
because you like him?
lj, were home!
i was hoping that youd heard, maybe youd go to the funeral.
your lease requires you to get 30 days notice in writing.
no parental support.
i didnt know you existed until a year after you were born.
good morning. 94.5 with the surfrider foundation morning surf report.
you didnt throw rosemary in there?
you know whatelse i want to do?
thats arzt, you idiot.
what can he do if you get into unnecessary trouble?
ever more towards the magnetic pole of the greatest possible solitude.
what exactly do you have in mind?
your gifts are who you are. you cant live in fear.
sizemore, where are you going?
how was it that you came to me...
kiss is not sin.
soon as you start breaking the law of gravity, were in uncharted territory.
the people you swear allegiance to.
jack, where are you going?
no, im the one who should be sorry.
can you guaranty that he wont get a pot belly?
dont be such a sissy.
between you and me, i was willing to go much higher.
dougy, were fucking coming with you.
well, its for aqua.
hey, we are at the 10yard line here, men.
hi, clark, pete.
ive got an appointment at the student store.
dont forget to call me.
ana lucias getting the 20 tour.
pia, we cant get married
dont beat yourself up, freckles.
kill him sir!
he can never speak, poor man is dumb.
they say, im getting older, but i still like to party. ha, ha.
youre not gonna skip town, are you?
look, i booked this tour a month ago. youve already got my money.
master key disengaged.
you get back in there and you assert yourself, and i think youll find the people of this here town to be surprisingly hospitable.
i told you to control your feelings.
hey, hows everybody doing?
she has brought me up.
why should i give you a gun?
who was it? it was that perv, toby cavanaugh.
we hoped you could tell us.
when falling on ground, ill rush to hold her shadow too, and carry it on my heart,
the boat will be in the water.
what kind of a sick person would do a thing like that?
theyre hiding inside your house.
just a few more rides.
that was a mistake. wasnt it, amy?
dont i know you?
25, we got wounded too.
i just think we should wait for the kings and queens.
they say it has no memory.
80 of the people on this boat are lying about something.
i was asking the score of the net practice.
im one of em.
they will together bring uncle to you shortly.
well, perhaps i have a stronger conscience.
lets say we catch up with him.
i was gonna have to take it to a whole new level.
all right. lets take care of business, shall we?
you cant kill vampires.
all righty, tattoo. where do you think ethan came from?
these antics of yours gotta stop right now.
come on, jimmy. we gotta get to the cemetery, okay?
we should fight.
pete and i were hoping you could give us a quick algebra download.
catch you later, man.
i ran away, but im back now.
i cant believe it.
that just reminds me of how special you really are.
this is because i hit you, isnt it?
am i not elder?
l turned it on a little while ago.
how do i make sense of all the strangeness in my life?
..and i will divorce you.
do you know what its like to have to hide because of who you are?
are all six hoardings available?
the one with the 15minute memory...
i was just hoping wed see more of each other.
not the small one, the big one.
i want your son.
yeah, yeah, i, uh, have no idea.
why dont you listen to me?
he might able to help you. okay. alright.
hes high as hell, too.
i know all about women.
suddenly the gas pipe started leaking.
no. i insist.
roger. 64 is inbound.
hes shouting on us over phone.
if youre right about this whole crash thing then im going to make the most of every moment i have left.
they dont believe me. but i know.
just like i was.
i wanted to go deeper and deeper.
bella, your birth is definitely something to celebrate.
you stole my things?
he has come from bihar.
this is what the ground is telling me.
phone conversation between claire keesey and a burner cell about an hour ago.
it was a gift from my uncle when he got the rig.
im gonna try to cover the hive.
life is a disco and we are all dancers.
joel lzale williams. i told you not take that bicycle out.
across india, were targeting a 500 million subscriber base.
but i know the inquisitors read by the people. theyre the ones im interested in.
i was there, remember?
those who pass even from the shadow of this house will die miserably.
russ, when they took you up in their spaceship, did they do any... sexual things?
she dont care about nothing or nobody but herself.
why did you cut the call? no problem, answer the call.
its not an allergy, actually.
hes a liar, a manipulator... a man who allowed his own daughter to be murdered to save himself...
lj burrows? yeah.
no, he didnt.
remain in bwing.
no, i m not.
why trust a shark, right?
take me home.
mr. holloway, that crazy mary walsh lady is back wandering the halls.
hey, dude, theyre back.
i sort of lost track of time.
where were you the past four days?
need a hand, dad?
but the car?
they vent all the time.
supposing its your daughter next time?
all right,the rest of us pack anything you can carry,meet back here in 20 minutes.
he used mud to block his.
sorry, i dont know. im just looking for walt.
did my papa see me?
its just a rash.
this is untied.
but how did they get it wrong then?
didnt you hear him?
some guys sure start early.
devon, they were gonna kill me.
sure, but its not like im a kid anymore.
jenny shouldnt be with that rogue tony.
please stop doing that.
theres no accounting for taste, is there?
well, im glad youre here.
youre going to take his word for it?
hes always drunk.
how could you come in?
a well supplies the place with water.
this is smallville, clark. land of the weird, home of the strange.
were meeting melissas fianc.
ben said to give you the van.
im sorry.. this is benny.
i been thinking about you.
what do you know about him?
whats going on?
like, code for something?
why would i?
im really worried about him.
you know what the best part of today was?
im saying this is very nice. im just wondering what the occasion is.
we dont have any enmity with him, but his father.
charlie will bring your baby back.
well know if that light turns red and were still here.
the answers are there.
what do you see?
but i wouldnt change a thing.
theyre headed to the tempest.
the ambience of that hotel was much better than this one,
theyre up by some greenhouse.
well, then what the hell is it?
im doing this boone, because its time for you to let go of some things because its whats best for you.
it went in and out, so the medic said i should be okay in a couple of days.
who is she?
who is this boy.
whats wrong with me?
hey, give that back, man.
so have you.
let me help you aboard.
no coming late and try and... leave as soon as possible.
straight down route 90. clark, theyve got ryan. get some help.
ive been looking after this business since my father passed away.
maam, this is a restricted area.
i want the biggest goddam boat this podunk town has to offer
if we dont turn it off,
yeah, i heard that part.
but if you wait a rat will always lead you to its hole.
what do you keep smiling at?
pete hijacked the phone line for me.
im asking you to kiss me.
does this feel real?
..but your highness prithvi singh..
excuse me, sir?
i couldnt let you go off to that ghastly continent without a farewell.
a little place up here makes a mean burger.
youre sweet, but you dont need to baby me. im fine.
what would have happened if we were rescued?
whoever they were,they were very good at getting in and getting out without being seen.
wow, a whale.
come on, mrs. kent!
if it aint the belle of the ball.
you are the answer to your own questions.
i wouldnt mess around with that if i were you.
i need to get this.
wheres your husband?
im a good salesman.
do you really think that thats gonna contain her?
a copy of the will to power.
yes, we should.
i like this one, martha.
..and you came out of it..
feel like talking?
weve got to figure out something else.
no, its definitely under power. were not sure of the exact speed yet.
i dont know what happened.
you can do that?
locke what do you thinks inside it?
dont bring him back, kate.
if i was meant to die, it wouldve happened by now.
i know life stinks, but we still have to make the yard look good.
you said you cared about chloe. how many people are you willing to kill?
an ogre only roars when hes angry.
if youre a psychic, why do you have to count it?
i gamble and if necessary i can thrash someone too.
betrayal was something he did very well
ten. twelve. all connected.
you do it.
i know that but if what we had before meant anything to you, youd find out the truth.
ill let you kiss my sister!
ill explain you how.
see if the others will be as understanding!
because they believe their kids are their equals, not their property.
cops name. now.
its dangerous out there.
mr. hume is a... colleague of mine.
dont know why, the moment he got down, the car ignited instantly.
i work honestly.
all i did was tell him the truth.
doesnt matter. anywhere i go is somewhere better than here.
im gonna talk directly to horace about this.
so i took her...
he had betrayed us all
no, its me.
at least some day.
i think i know who killed karen swenson.
john every possible color.
andy kept pretty much to himself at first.
you cant type anything until then.
we may have to resort to other means... temporarily.
shes a mom.
leave her alone!
ah! dont pay any attention to him manny
tell him claire...
there is no level 3, clark. now, get out of here.
..and when the shots were fired i was working..
just come take a walk with me.
nothing that would require the intense concentration youre exerting to look at her.
what are you all doing out here?
just for a few seconds during the surgery.
i think the law is on my side.
you disconnect it...  boom. what are you doing in here?
believe me, theres no juliet burke on that plane.
i saw everything that went on.
in 1935. you got a good memory.
what the hell are they doing?
hes been hanging with those guys.
didnt i get you already?
well, not all. dramatic instrumental music continues door opens
then why shouldnt we kill you now, eh?
some people really got it awful.
afterwards, sanjay went to london and kalpana went to goa.
can you explain?
lady luck is coming by to change your life.
god help us all.
youre getting out of here.
are you my conscience?
they both die in the collapse. i dont know. nick, think.
you know what they say
the occasional scrap of metal... two bags of coffee.
you want me to leave?
i have no idea.
ill throw them in the sodding wind.
i dont think were gonna work out.
a for apple.. b for ball
this is not good for them!
at times why do even strangers seem like they are your own?
enjoy your chicken salad, gordy.
thats not a sin.
good luck, rookie.
who! hotty duty, he aint get no booty.
possession of marijuana.
yes... become just like her!
something terrible is coming, and we must all be ready, all of us.
you spy on me?
oh, bloody hell.
i dont get you, man.
well, if they were easy, kid, everybody would do them.
lets drive them out of the entire country.
and we will kidnap him when we get a chance.
and why does he hate us so much?
ill check the laundry basket.
not about that, i didnt.
we can either commandeer the sub,get the hell off this island before anyone knows were gone, or we can head back in the jungle,start from square one.
you dont need to lie.
youre really gonna let that girl suffocate because you cant bring yourself to give me one little kiss?
havent we been graced with a beautiful day... here at the millston speedway for the first running of what we hope will be an annual event... the comtron international demolition derby.
listen. i keep an apartment in the city.
they were, but they kept things from each other.
you told me he was mafia.
no, sir, warden.
you are being pathetic.
coz if there are others involved, well find them too, believe me.
we were in the water for over a day before the current took us in.
they are right here. they are elders.
whatd you see?
ill take that under advisement.
just tell me...
till then be my guest.
it must be difficult, a party like this.
im not going to force her into anything ever again.
no ring cause youre single or because you dont like wearing one?
stay here with aaron.
lex, its me.
you must try things that may not work.
i know you go away with the weight of what happened on your shoulders.
do not help me up!
no. he was more worried about his sodding guns than being followed.
and i want them fucking ready for the next thing.
the manager of the student store?
lex, you may have felt that you found a home here, but you were mistaken.
shit, you are rembrandt.
tear it first.
how much will you give me for it?
lieutenant, wheres the exit?
what if ethan isnt alone?
well, im not leaving!
old mans crazy as a rat in a tin shithouse.
doesnt make any sense.
she say anything about me?
i want to go again.  no.
why dont you pee on it?
how long was i out?
i have a child.
oh, he liked that one.
i warned you not to call by name.
you know, my grandma thinks because youre an airbender, that you could be the avatar.
they were called the protestant reformation.
whod wanna be stuck in a dream for 10 years?
you do like me like that, right?
rising in so short a time.
phone sallu, ill talk to him now.
as you can see, the result was a positive.
do you think he was gonna kill me?
i will sing.
honey, honey keep it.
i was kidnapped by space aliens ten years ago!
and you are...?
they are everywhere
just keep those guys off me for a few more seconds, will ya?
ditch that one. hes a bloody disaster.
you stammer like me.
well, i suppose i could always use some help around the shop.
this is where my father lost the eagle.
you think the old man was pretty smart, dont you?  a certifiable genius.
chrissy, im standing in front of you in the same suit that im wearing to my fathers funeral and im asking you a favor.
i forgot his birthday.
do you live there?
maybe i like my life.
weve talked enough.
he thrashed goons in the pub.
i love you too.
forgive me, but to me, youve been dead for centuries.
right. anyhow, he picked it up with this.
take a leak, you wanna watch?
i just want the truth.
tonight we send a message, gentlemen.
hes the one who saved our land
i have custodianship, so i will be checking in on him.
how can you tell?
so you catch zero fish, and lose us our only boat. today is just full of accomplishments
john always spoke so fondly of being here at princeton.
i told you, my pipes!
youre not seeing the big picture here, freckles.
this is me.
you got him?
he had no credibility.
i wouldnt if i were you.
thats not the only thing youve outgrown.
here she comes.
the most dangerous predator of all.
you know, it wouldnt seem so drastic if we hung out more.
i want you to break up with my sister.
whats important is that you and i stick together, okay?
whats with the golf balls?
if you help, itll save my life.
where do you hail from?
the breastplate. you want me to steal it for you.
i doubt were the five luckiest people on the planet.
hey, goldberg, im the last guy looking for a fucking spotlight.
and ..and hes gonna be a wild life photographer!
eames, this is your dream.
ive lined up mrs. kemp to watch roberta at noon.
everyone will be thrilled!
i dont think the whole tuxandlimo thing is for me.
hes got nothing!
look at me.
why did you do that?
coughs memorizing the weaker assumptions of lesser mortals! chuckles
its just so weird to think of other people living in alisons house.
that was fast. this is my daughter, aria,
tell me, how was last nights performance?
i didnt wanna leave, and i thought i could stop you.
dont blame me for your mistake, genius.
stephanos. leave him.
youre not gonna kill him.
five minutes in the real world gives you an hour in the dream.
something like this takes time.
where do you get the gall to even attempt something so monumentally idiotic?
i guess neither of us will ever get a straight answer.
the signals all screwed up.  stop it!
its going to be okay.
one presumably doesnt have to report ones mother.
im a possum! right, good one! im a newt...
listen to me. my mum is sheriff.
we want indian traditional beauty. not a pole dancer.
i could come through to your side.
didnt you see it with your heart?  i saw.
i know people think im some kind of freak.
he may be released later tonight...
maybe we could hire a professional bounty hunter?
but ask yourself why youre doing that.
what is your name?
now, have a nice day at school.
what do i do now?
the person literally cant stay warm. its like a permanent case of hypothermia.
and i know jim.
bommana sari, thin like onion peel.
were trapped on an alien hunting planet.
so once weve made the plant, how do we get out?
in just three days.
someone got first aid?
it would be like murdering a guest.
... wheni jumpintomybed.
i love you.
look into my eyes.
im writing again.
get off of me!
fiona, thats the third patrol today.
that was before.
weve been working on this for a while.
for the rest of our lives?
and what does the savior of smallville want with an old, blind woman?
this was never part of the plan.
turn that off!
oh....foood... magical food, wonderful food... marvelous foood!
he looked at me standing there in the doorway in my underoos.
mr gru, up here! mr gru! okay, girls!
lee bag from room number 602.
got him? did you find him? where is he?
connie, how far we got? how far to stanton?
they say hes suffering from massive electrolyte imbalance.
we need to tell the customers something.
you always answer it on seeing me.
ellie will be the mommy..
yeah, i mean i think we had a really good night, all things considered.
so you wander around hunting and gathering food, right?
i understand that now.
hes gonna give you something in return.
i think whatever happened to my father is about to happen to her.
deactivators are all shut down on the left side.
what do you mean?
but hes also got this double life where he does crazy ninja moves and spy stuff.
so, how does this work?
who let snuggles in the pool again?
and my cars no jalopy, as you can see.
crash site two secured.
got it! friendship, right?
where have you been?
okay, thats what i want to hear, because i am really not kidding.
hey wats up?
but were not tired!
and youre gonna have to be very, very patient.
dammit, mulder, cut the crap.
copy that, regal is on foot.
hows it going, son?
ive been to see dad in jail.
searching for a job.
you fulfilled all our dreams.
.. i didnt get you the one thats in your hand.. viruss pen!
get him treated by a good doctor.
how can i help you?
now, this is you again, rizvan.
we keep working.
jack. do not untie him.
let me do the tika for you.
talk to mr. wadia in english.
were going to the orchid.
go faster, must go faster, must go faster.
alice, youve disappeared, like everything else.
its getting dark. were moving out.
all right. get him outta here.
tell me anything but dont stop me from watching serial.
whats that supposed to mean?
perhaps next time, if she feels up to it.
is anyone there?
pain is in the mind.
im sorry. im being intrusive.
come on you.
i cant keep staring into space.
whats this seenu?  you keep quiet, sister.
you make way.
please, i wouldnt ask if it werent extremly important.
watch your manners!
my point is after it crosses through findlay, theres about 12 miles of vacant farmland.
nothings out there.
mama help me with this please...
im not in that photo.
... idontknowhow manyiwas with.
saturday night fever was their prom theme. styx won group of the century...
today, its andrea, tomorrow it could be this girl, day after that it could be she, after that all these could join, im alone here!
i wandered into this place the other day when i was picking fruit.
when i speak to myself, she eavesdropped there also,
after he bumped me, they tried to make me apologize.
if that is the truth..
thanks, but i think were on our way.
i was hoping id live that down, but yeah.
please.  i was just looking out for you.
see you on thursday?
edward would know who did it.
most people wouldnt have done that.
out of mind, out of sight.
help me out.
a week from tomorrow. tripled.
i gotta go tell everybody!
bruno, what is it?
got a call you had a problem, mr. rickman.
im not from here, am i?
im lord walington.
from the epiglottis, khan.
the next sidings not for 10 miles.
and more to do with something else.
jack says that we werent supposed to leave.
wheres the bill man?
you know, i think that he wants to make amends.
ive already done this once.
it just dont make no sense.
everythings going to be fine.
you know how to fix it.
isnt that a little premature?
states requiring a physical for lincoln burrows.
we should call for help.
ooh, im scared now.
give your hand bag.
she wanted to know who i worked for.
ive had my eye on you, just like youve had your eye on me.
is every swiches off?
... illbedownatthevillage for two weeks at the sonata caf.
but am i that important?
what did you do?
come on! come on, fucking thing!
i know its a lot more than either of us can handle on our own.
i told you to go back.
like, this is a loaded die.
we are waiting for you only.
no, youre staying here.
i even got a date for lanas party.
woman on p.a. will the following students please come to the office
i just wanted to congratulate you on stealing the pyramid.
its a regular boomtown.
do you live around here...?
i just think we might be taking the wrong approach.
i present you with this revolutionary gizmo, we call..
they killed their mother.
my father loves her.
my flight suit.
when do you turn on the people that help you?
you understand me, lj?
dude, you got to try to pin it.
what do you say we go for a walk?
how many of you are there?
the world has changed for a new day has come.
so use what youve got and get me some results.
look, the only real funds you have left are the 30,000 in your wifes pocket account.
you thought they were pointing to something.
this time its different.
think hes reliable?
and abdi hassan awale, interior minister.
the point is, after what happened, people are finally willing to do something.
michael,sarahs heart rate and respiration have suddenly increased.
i like your floor.
all i want you to do is take a certain coffeepot into the guard room at a certain time and turn the burner on.
did we do left side?
he wanted to report some terrorist recruiter called, dr. faisal rehman.
for what?  i wish i could explain.
did you see the others?
a vodka and tonic, please.
shes gone, but shes everywhere.
am i the only one who saw these photos? its all happening right outside, right now.
dory, you did it!
i dont think i can go through with this.
all the rest are too deep for you and me to see  huh.
it was just like any normal adoption, i guess.
hey, hey. give us a call when you get through the back country.
daddy had such a good day.
last night agent dunham escaped from the facility on liberty island.
before i went to amsterdam.
and that took 15 years.
are you sure your moms okay with this?
yes, i am.
ever since i was a kid.
if thats gonna happen,
first in, last out, marines!
i told myself i could pass any test a man can pass.
you wanna tell me whats back here, sweetheart?
i have seven more orders!
hands and feet inside the vehicle!
you were right.
you know, it belonged to alexander the great.
time is 2132.
i gave up my summer because i wanted this.
you were distracted for our entire lesson.
and at last, he was in his element.
but i dont understand why you took the job.
put your stuff in your bag.
thank you, miss.
look out. heads up. coming through.
now dont get yourself worked up, young lady.
please come out.
she flew away.
i have her.
if i were to do this, if i even could do it id need a guarantee.
prem, ive something important to tell you.
delicious lemonade, anyone?
selling guns to aidids militia.
were you on the plane, too?
im not crazy, scully.
im going back to the main island with him.
can you please help me?
youre gonna want to be long gone.  whered they go?
did you go to the olympics?
yeah! i just fucked your ass!
i think i know enough of hate
sruthi ill be back in sometime oooo shoes.... hey i got my friend back
what are you doing here?
thats because hes right.
not quite sure yet.
you must have found my behaviour strange.
amy, just hang on.
it was a problem,and i took care of it.
dan, im fine.
back me up if i blow it.
you did what you had to do.
rosen five times a week for 10 weeks.
youre coming with us, fish.
i love someone else.
we call this tree utral aymokriy
i have no idea.
isnt there an easier way to get there?
ill take care of them.
maybe like a hunter green?
congratulations, lex, you made the business page for once.
ive entered the tombs of dead nations, ridden with our last savage tribes.
sir..one photo sir!
yes, i was saying, aarush.
look, i tell you what why dont you get a job and earn some money, buy yourself a car and then you can drive wherever the hell you want.
it would hurt me.
just becuase im fucking you, isnt it?
my boss is hosting a party tonight.
grandmom... wake up...
now, it would be a shame if anything were to happen to your kids.
some day all you girls have to leave.
tony, look i am sorry.
yes, come here. come.
and with that first look, oh how she holds your eyes
is your mommy home? sure.ill go get her.
rodriguez, andrew, watch the front while we search the place.
but were having fun at the same time.
i suppose coming and going will be relatively simple.
where is he?
showed identical symptoms.
come here, honey.
there were constant brutal battles for territory.
is that a hostile?  i dont know.
ill still love you when i see you again.
and then, one day, something happened.
dont leave him here
you could have just let me go on believing what you said.
damn. howd you know she was in there?
reese, just listen to me.
then he must know me.
im, uh, giving the baby up for adoption.
okay then, ill take your leave.
im not worried about tomorrow.
you have no idea what im talking about, do you?
its not loaded.
ive been hearing all types of stories.
theres other people waiting. oh, no, dont worry about it. they wont mind.
but i dont have to tell you that being a true man of the west, as you are.
shouldve shot him.
whoever set it up is an idiot.
i mean, everythings going well.
oh, i got it right here... yeah!
let me see my friend.
the call went out!
i dont know yet.
ive seen enough of this rock.
would have been better than living like this.
adorn her with jewellery...
maybe he passes something...
let me see that.
oh, what kind of special powers?
you got to think past the government, though.
if you need to reach me, for anything, just press 23.
youd think with all the money my father spent, he could make things disappear.
you have no idea?
i thought maybe nishi...
pappy, the sheriff is standing right here, helping us out.
stuck in moscow.
hey, come on, snap out of it, guys.
thats a different story.
whatre you doing out here?
arent they like my children too?
now, this guy, who conveniently hides his face from the camera, he comes back in.
my aunt germaine!
he obviously has problems with his people.
i had a little accident.
few days of your life.
oh, no, its blocked!
so, you know what sarin gas does.
every day. hey, how are... whistles
ive built a life here, and a pretty good one.
sanderson, im out of ammo!
welcome to luthorcorp
but ive gotten used to ignoring them, and i think theyve given up on me.
whats wrong with you?
now promise me youre not gonna finish that letter.
no, you go home to your family.
i cant do any more time, dougy.
edward and i are going to a campsite.
dont tell me what i shouldve seen. back home, id call the police on you!
burrows is as good as dead.
you mean boar.
well get through this.
even they dont have a right to break a heart.
panting we have five minutes.
all hail the homecoming king and queen!
i dont remember.
is there something you want to tell me, charlie?
after a while, he almost forgot his plans and obsessions.
youd think theyd go after a younger kid.
allahs path is that of compassion.
thats.. thats 500.
look, you sent 25 girls...?
how could he be trained?
if i say yes, are you gonna ask me if im sure?
this man confesses to shooting you in cold blood and you refuse to id him.
both are your sons, twins.
stealing my bag...and that fight?
ill tell you a riddle.
you shouldve stayed out of this.
im not paying.
sabres dont feel fear!
no keys, nothing.
the dharma initiative?
um, aria, this is, uh, meredith sorenson.
wait, try to take it easy, ok?
out of my way!
ill sue you all in american court!
the guys a dog.
its not funny.
yes we will. oh god but tomorrow is baujis birthday too.
i mean, that was like a jedi moment.
god, thats wonderful.
you forgot your bag.
weve left bangalore.
we go in through the tip of each horn, the eyes, the end of the nose, the bottom of the fangs and end of the braids.
cause when a man walks into my place and tells me he left 160,000 of my hardwon dollars in the care of a civilian,
tom doesnt understand what happened here.
so, i took her in.
roger, who is this?
keep your foot on the gas and stay down!
but you canceled your appointment.
youre really lucky, or this would have hit the femoral artery.
l escaped from this man only and youve come for him.
it tore the family apart.
ltll take two minutes to find out.
well, thats a first.
i have some merchandise that i need to get out of the country.
we should run a test on it.
i was acting in front of inspector..
its all my fault.
dont talk about her.
how you doing, buddy?
when these messages reach foreign land..
theresa falls up the stairs. theresa falls down the stairs.
the mans got a safe, so you find it.
thats a lot of tampons for one woman.
im not sure. they said they were on a plane.
like us, tomorrow.
feels like a hundred years ago that we came out here together.
get some men and some guns, and get your asses out here right now!
i told you sid..
thats enough! basta!
i didnt know what i had.
what have you boys got going up here?
you know, your mother really hated you.
well have to prove them wrong
if you were worried, why did you walk all the way over here instead of calling?
this will make one hell of a story.
stuff i can wrap my brain around.
why kill fire king?
ill come be there.
lets say that you wanted to coordinate with spaceships on different sides of the earth.
where you goin man?
i can start ferrying people now, get them there safely.
whos come into my heart today?
you wear this yourself.
how can you cut somebodys hair without it?
that just dont make no sense.
its almost gone!
she was about to marry, she ran away, bloody bitch.
well, a hundred bucks is a bargain.
here comes my lion! your job is over, bihari!
its just me.
now, enter my pin.
theres no way for him to control the weather.
what was all that about? i say.
later i learnt that shes getting married..
i dont think its the volturi, either.
just so you know, i dont agree with his politics.
... andthenwe weremakinglove .
nina, when you get out im in the kitchen.
no, you dont.
oh, this is interesting.
how about you come a little closer and warm me up?
theyll be here any minute and theres no one to serve dinner.
i know how well make the money.
she wanted to do it, but she could not do it alone.
i was thinking that we could go for a drive tomorrow in the country.
youre here to corrupt one of my brightest and best.
emergency procedures in effect.
they follow the water!
im sorry for just stopping by.
you have to hear this.
and theres a topic on antismoking as well.
i was doing the african dance like a fool in front of her papa.
next down in the banks, dress. lets go.
you must be cold without your trunks.
well never get 24hour surveillance unless one of these idiots converts to islam.
yeah. i know. i like you.
remember the last time?
warm them in animal fat.
you said youll wish nandini first on her birthday.
whats your deepest desire?
sorry about that. where were we?
uh, so well play later, okay?
through smiles or through tears
jungle boy, not even for one sec.
leave him alone.
and i will be happy to tell you how.
charlie pace, he drowned a few weeks before we were able to leave.
i hope it isnt your death knell i work forthe inspector.
it killed the dog.
sure, im in.
is that okay?
almost a day and a half.
but now, i can barely remember what she looks like.
return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts.
you know my father, pitambar jalan.
picture it in your minds eye.
what if a shark attacks?
aleya your book that you misplaced...
female, late 20s, no i.d.
its going to break us up.
all your life savings, for me..
what if i told you i was hit by this car?
i just know why i did.
i killed one of them.
youre workin for them?
well, charles, where you failed, im going to succeed...
that better be my name tag youre staring at.
what are you doing?
well, now you do.
moses had great difficulty speaking, so it was aaron who spoke for him.
if you had told me earlier..
tomorrow our photographer will click your snap.
kill him or i will kill you.
ive been doing this every week for six months.
ill tell you now what.
are we gonna get there soon?
theyre long gone!
that means those same men arent protecting his castle.
and i got them to give it to me.
we are drilling and on schedule.
he tried to buy me off, and when i didnt take his money, he took away the only thing in the world that i ever truly cared about.
youre walking in circles. you need to come back.
you know that horse, freckles?
you wont understand even if i tell you.
are you telling me the truth?
help! help! help!
dorian, its quite clear why youve lost your passion for life.
to convince me to honor our arrangement?
mom, look it.
there was a code, he made me enter it.
dude, theres enough food in there to feed one guy three meals a day for another three months.
i dont know who i am anymore.
if we can get to the boat we have a chance!
this is what allah demands!
is that one of em?
..relying on destiny.
look, you want to push the button, do it yourself.
missed it? what can i do?
so where do we move him to?
do you really think that im good at this?
chandu, what really had happened was...
look at this place.
no please...  why not?
ill talk to her.
sing and smile, its what life teaches
what are you doing?
fine, just doing a little research.
are you suggesting that dr. wells is in league.
two million years of intelligence and instinct.
another poignant metaphor for me?
im sorry im not real.
my dad pulled the car up to the first row so the screen filled up the entire windshield.
how come our boy is beating them?
im gonna start talking to people about the caves.
he is different.
hes hoping someone will see it.
why wait all this time?
she was under the impression that the guy was innocent.
by the way, i just loved them no chilly myself
but if she stays stressed out like this or has another panic attack, it could trigger an early labor.
everything is fair in love and war.... and this is world war 3 rastogi youre gone this time.... hehe heheheee what are you doin here?
we better get goin.
more..more..amore aare, we found rancho..still, will u marry this donkey?
put your body in it.
i was going to wait until dark, then find you at your tent.
and may the devil make stope of his bones!
would you like to go to the ball with me?
is anyone there? !
i mean, i wouldnt go that far.
yeah, ill call you back.
perhaps losing an eye will loosen your tongue.
ill grab the rest of his stuff.
l dont understand...
which he seems to do quite a bit.
hes a murderer.
leese, its just five minutes.
doctor... restaurant... theatre...
devon, michael is in no condition to be making decisions.
im ready to elope and marry jenny.
the catch is we only have one canister.
after going to england, ive understood one thing.
listen. i was wondering, do you have a date for lanas party?
are you a prophet now?
yes, he did. hurley, where are?  is he okay?
hes got my baby. stop it.
its been handed to me on a silver platter.
shit! see, this nigger say the same thing every poker night.
well, maybe im a different kind of rat.
sorry, youre not actually thinking about going back out onto the lake?
theres an old forest rangers fire watchtower near the top of the mountain.
i promised you,penny.
richard had some concerns.
youre not squeamish, are you?
did you like rahul?
whyd we even bring this yahoo?  because we might need him.
as of now, both of you are dead.
neither am i rich.
crime scene pulled a gun from the dumpster. registration was filed off.
hell, thats like getting gandhi to beat his kids.
how come it didnt sting you?
stands watch at the castle gate...
him, of all people.
how about you just leave it up to me?
i think 0.
back to where you came from.
im looking for my husband. his name is jin kwon.
its okay, mrs. kent, i understand your husbands skepticism.
i can only go out on thursdays.
okay, you know, i was just looking at it, its not like i actually bought it.
i come bearing gifts.
shes not sure what she wants.
arlene and joseph will bring you to melbourne.
what did you do?
attempting to use the computer in this manner will compromise the integrity of the project and... worse, could lead to another incident.
im sorry to cut into your busy social schedule.
you know, a few years ago, i was in a bad way.
you got room for one more?
when you need this kind of stuff done, ask me. thats why im here.
we want him, if he asks, we must show him.
no blood relation.
orchard avenue. pin 400076. my street
im guessing whatevers going on started that sunny october day, 12 years ago.
anyone of you please come to the railway station to pick us up.
yeah, me neither.
i guess i could have one really!
how can i get license, sir?
thank you all so much for coming out.
hey, you waited.
i cant lie.
thats not important right now.
i vote for not camping.
in the middle of the night.  i know what youre feeling inside.
id go for it.
ok. everybody ready?
i know a much better game.
what do you say we give her a break?
even the offshore stuff, caymans, bermuda.
want some company?
what are you busy with at 600 in the morning?
oh, sweetheart, i just want you to see what youre doing to yourself.
man ill get your bags, sir.
i wish i couldve helped you find your dad.
for a long time, he will lie.
lets get the hell out of here!
im totally excited.
please tell him ill be there in about 20 minutes.
so, quil keeps asking to come over.
you say something, babe?
especially when she sees me holding it over my head.
whats the matter, inspector?
youre out of here.
it seems endless.
carl has a new teaching appointment at the university of michigan.
all this time, you were just protecting her.
mr. zoric theres a fire!
whoever isnt digging should be clearing the rocks and bringing water to who is working.
it aint on the map.
i took bhai to the autistic society. hi, mrs. brennan.  hi.
its that feeling of falling you get that jolts you awake.
are you sure youre not coming?
a simple little idea that would change everything.
its your day.
hit him..hit him twothree from my side aswell because of you, what all i had to become..u know?
live a nice, comfortable life, you know.
clark, thanks for the card.
in case you hadnt noticed, i did get away.
they were smart enough to stay on the boat.
professor nash, lets avoid a scene, shall we?
leme li fpo current owners of the residence
you wanna know whats in your damn plane?
you have such a nice family, take care of them.
bullets on the ground bearing his fingerprints.
was she suspicious?
why dont you let me drive?
i screwed up. okay?  yes, you did.
..thats why shes going there for free.
i wish i had forgiven lmmy.
if i tell the truth, will you also tell the truth?
make sure youre in contact with your team leaders.
is that your girlfriend?
citizens of grasse... we hereby declare that this murderer... is demon in our midst.
i would not have done without you.
stop it! i know
my cookings always better the next day.
kelly do you like champagne?
dressed her up a bit...
look, i gotta die five times before i get out of here but ill see you again.
good night mr. reznik.
my daddy was not a burden!
i dont know why, but it changed his mind.
due to the increased security measures, we are required
mom, im fine. now we can afford to have the perfect life.
and the last thing i want is people looking into this.
were worried about you.
im sure, priya, that destiny wants to bring us together.
that child is being arrested.
and charlies hunting jacob.
yeah, thats good.
do you know who duggal is?
youre exactly right.
lets get a picture of my boys.
i just want to get back to my wife.
he completely fell for it.
your father put his familys future over his own pride.
thats the length of five football fields.
im going to the loo.
time has come for me to sleep lord, i thank thee for thy keep
by lying to me.
what? its simple.
youre just like everybody else.
you didnt happen to get any bandages for his leg, did you?
but thats who you are, john.
its never cheating if its with another chick!
im not exactly sure.
they want you to go to their camp this summer.
youre about to cross a line.
ill tell you...
she turned into a beautiful ogre and they lived...
i mean, who packs 400 knives?
i guess we were right.
follow the conduit lines.
is that why it says quarantine on the hatch?
he will select one.
no one from here called.
youve already fuckin burnt that! huh? what do you want?
im pretty sure he was trying to prove something.
come on. come on.
you dont have license, so you enjoy with madam in back seat.
every second counts, and you cannot be mommy!
leave her alone.
what, john, dont you trust me here with my former people?
that things will change.
i gotta go.
were gonna stay here tonight, okay?
well, to wake up from that after years, after decades to become old souls thrown back into youth like that?
want to play?
im saying i think it would be super cool to be able to start again. you want to go home with me tonight?
but, i mean, all this?
are you safe?
you should have stayed away.
janet, come on. we have to leave right now.
jake i need you to sit down.
just tryin to get a feel for the old girl.
our world is going to change soon, gentlemen.
thats all i need to know.
no, but theres your dad.
you totally have the body.
so was henrietta your moms mom or your dads mom?
i think hopes inside.
there comes a time when youve got to step out of your fathers shadow and be your own man.
you think they dont know what you know?
sure youre in the best place to be making decisions now?
i mean, thats...
im getting the doctor.
when was hazelton expecting us?
star 41, come inbound and see if you can land at the crash site.
which is exactly what happens to you when youre dying of thirst,
pleasure to meet you, caesar.
i gotta drink for each one?
maybe you ought to talk to my shoulder.
the greatest gift that anyone could ever have given.
i dont think i should be carrying your child.
do i know you?
and thats exactly why we need to figure out
anyone else is gonna slow us down.
you cant leave!
nothing on this earth can stop me.
something different about you.
i watched them all die.
girl with white bag?  yes.
hes been banned from las vegas and monte carlo.
thats crap, kid.
or you could show up to work tomorrow and walk into a corner office.
why? you miss me?
here you go.
yes, look there. shes ready.
walking through walls part?
stop trying to speak whale.
thats claires mother.
all right, ladies! line it up!
is that our boat?
its my wife...
people dont understand. they dont see how you devote yourself to whats right.
may it please your high majesty, we will not bear the shame of wearing an honor denied to our chief.
i like to make my own decisions.
and i want his name.
look, i gotta go, all right? get in or dont.
he has even told the judge about it.
thats what youre gonna do.
i want you to take these. theyre very mild.
believe in that there sign.
please leave a message.
charlies going fishing, anyway.
what if these kids are involved in some kind of a cult and that man knows something about it?
house, work address, social security number.
baby, youre the one.
i heard everything.
turn right up there.
god knows how long that dynamite might has been out there.
cynthia, you did so good.
this is a pit stop. wanted to take advantage of your twoforone deal.
youre still the great perfumer baldini.
i found it. dont worry, its fine.
but this is definitely a keeper. this is going in my wallet.
oh, oh, oh!
mrs. steadman, it doesnt have to be a long conversation.
i may not be much of a horse guy, but i was born to do this.
how about i go check the library?
aare, cool down.... cool down come with me..
who are you?
should i come back?
theres, um, a sub coming in this afternoon.
were wrapped. no.
i did. thats really weird, right?
i can feed roberta, mommy.
what you doing, mate?
door creaks he was wandering in the jungle.
ive gotten in touch with the diocese about lincoln. the bishop...
so now in the first layer of the dream, i can impersonate browning.
except you cant see his face.
trust me, when i make things disappear, they stay buried.
whether she admits it or nay shes stolen my heart
no, but would this help?
i appreciate youve come to the point.
hey, nanny, give me my grandson.
when were you gonna tell me?
the coroner had each girl examined.
she was so looking forward to the life of a divorcee.
who leaves a wallet?
no.. its as good as not having one.
figure out how you were gonna carry him out there by yourself?
theres no such thing as miracles.
what are you talking about?
what if u break my head with glass?
i did steal that car.
death sucks, doesnt it?
i got a twohour drive to get to this interview... so i need you to be responsible till your mom gets home.
im not of much value to you in the shu.
water in the desert?
all my problems taken care of except for one.
but, in exchange, you have to tell me where that cell phone is.
hi, im sanjay. sanjay singhania.
theres a fourteenj at the flame.
he had a killer tree fort his dad built.  it was okay.
no, i meant henry.
that kids long gone and this old man is all thats left.
it just did.
thats because you werent on it.
im the manager here.
youre laughing and telling me such a serious thing?
whenever you look through these into the sky always remembers...
what was that you said?
he came and went in.
im stuck here.
whatd locke do?
i need some time to process it.
hes not a friend. no, no, no.
i thought it could help you out.
but aladin is a friend.
i didnt hear you.
good, good. thats good.
please sir, give me this opportunity. ill settle this deal.
you dont sweat his feelings, because youve got eyes for clark.
he just had a gun pointed at your head!
alice would have seen if she wanted to make an army.
you take a break, little chef.
..residents who live in the palace will die too.
you wouldnt know how those bees wound up attacking paul and felice, would you?
it appears i have no choice.
hey, look, guys.
i dont even have to play defense.  hey guys.
isnt that wonderful?
we should get back there.
you can spend as much as you like.
why should you...?
mine is lucky hand.
danger from who?
definitely dads wallet.
mum, im not 12. playing on the sheriff card doesnt work.
head for the boulevard.
girls, this is kyle, my dog.
you come with me.
..and greed will lead you to your end.
now devika has a boyfriend.
well, because if i was interested in money, i wouldnt be a farmer, would i?
can you check and see if i have a hook in my lip?
isnt that, you know, a problem?
well be happily divorced before you know it.
that going well?
it comes natural, you know.
sarah, open the damn door!
did he have any illnesses growing up?
ive never heard of anyone called bruno.
whats the matter?
you will feel nothing.
okay, im gonna go get my bag.
my brother died on a day like this.
were on the brink of war and youre supposed to be finding a diplomatic solution.
wait, wait.what money?
no..ill drop u home n ill go for the job interview!
what do you mean, compromised?
wait here, and dont touch anything!
i just told you where mike was.
its john, henry.
i was hurt pretty badly.
yeah, well, i dont like trains.
a pindari had given his word.
you know, i studied art back in the day, as they say.
how do you spell ramone?
see my face up there?
so, that shrink give you any good drugs?
i told you not to touch my things.
theres one open spot.
for madame gaillard... grenouille was a source of income just like any other.
i saw her body in the morgue.
now, see, thats funny.
ill keep an eye out for you, and the chessboard ready.
and dont start quoting scripture.
we do indeed have in our midst a user!
you still got my back?
i have come to take my brother back...
everything except you.
and deep down in your heart, you know we never shouldve left the island.
i just choose not to acknowledge them.
no one can tell the future.
therell be a full search by morning.
i was six months old when she died...
youre gonna shoot me? is that right?
i cant lie.
while looking for claire we found this... piece of metal buried in the jungle.
juliet 25, hostiles advancing, parallel west to your position.
remanded into custody for the duration of the trial.
circus dont want him.
what does it sound like?
who killed terrence steadman?
but it doesnt matter.
you could start with something small.
what are you talking about?
what about the kids?
the isolation that attends the duties associated with station three may tempt you to try and utilise the computer for communication with the outside world.
see the dancing ogre!
so youve all been living here this entire time?
l think we should go to the memorial.
shes dying, lex. cancer.
held a gun on me, put us both in there, and went after walt.
so who was it you saw?
yeah, yeah. i got it.
its nothing, just..
but jake sully...
she could pass as one of us. could be a raniya or mahua
anjali, i fell asleep in the train. 2 men came.
us. its maybe a mile up there. if that.
floyd, come on.
were going home, walt.
no cameras, none.
whats he gonna do?
this fool was idle!
happy ogre day!
get out of my face.
dude, what happened to him?
i want you to help me die, tyler.
i like peas.
so, what are you gonna do?
we answered rock star, cowboy or, in my case, a gold medalist.
so you flew over here to bribe me?
scofields paperwork get it, jimmy.
i will wash up and come.
what do you mean, im done?
let me go ahead. im gonna miss my...
were not on the bloody boat, are we? just watch your tone, red.
..so he could help people.
you know, knights in shining armour, exploring strange lands and stuff, and silly princesses always getting in the way.
no, i think were good.
eating her laddos can cure people who are insane and... those who are normal become...
pass the popcorn.
oh, my god. locke!
i m tearing up your deposits...
im wanna go home now...
devi says shell come if we pay 3000.
right this way. lets go.
some men are born to greatness, others are dragged into it, kicking and screaming.
they carry it from south america by foot?
my sister is getting married to duggabars son this month 22nd.
forget all this. african child?
but i want to talk to you
no.  blood sisters.
youre fucking me.
you think hes behind the cheating scandal?
i think we should call him back.
we need to rest, get our clarity back.
i am not going up there!
why did you hire him?
fuck you, come to me.
i can mate you in three whatever you do.
not only did the company never make a profit, as far as i can tell, they never made anything.
oh, well, he was bad with emotion.
are you gonna give me the damn gun or am i gonna have to take it?
you got more work to do, mike.
you know, i was thinking i was gonna gut you bow to stern, soon as i laid eyes on you.
really? because it looked to me like you were reading a book.
im going to go out on a limb here and say you were sleepwalking
then where is everybody?
this thing exists.
whats a new model doing loose?
may i eat these peanuts?
you there, pretty?
all right, were done here.
if we keep drilling and hit that pocket, all hell is gonna break loose!
ive seen rickman talk people out of house and home. hes a locust, clark.
i just thought id stop by and say goodbye.
dad, hey, come on. lets hear it.
you know, i got to go get that water.
anyway, your choice and your thoughts.
i catch you with my son again, ill kill you.
sun, im so sorry.  hes down there!
go on, lady.
ahaana, just a second.
when they became unconscious, their very existence faded away into darkness.
and his friend also talked about destiny.
how could i ever reconsider?
you got to step up to the bowl.
the other guy stayed down in the lobby and settled his bill.
hey, melissa, you know how agent francis can tell which end the worms living inside his body are which?
all right, everyone, you know the drill!
i am a fun person!
yeah, i am.
half the people in this place were shareholders in his company.
for how long?
and i know that everybody has a lot of questions.
the police cant find...
there wont be any bad luck, any longer.
many a mecha has gone to the end of the world, never to come back.
so what if we black, we still have a heart of gold.
i am the best. i can do anything.
now, lets ask somebody for directions.
im looking at my computer printout and i dont see a kevin peterson.
but the good news is no guards came around almost at all. can you get us in there?
is it in your veins?
maybe im getting slow
it doesnt matter now, but i didnt use.
of course she did.
saw veronica came by yesterday.
thats a funnylooking dress.
move out ofmy way.
what is this about?
if the inmate appeals to me for intervention, how can i turn my back on him?
please, dude. you cant tell.
very creative. im impressed.
ill see you in six hours, jack.
most of her glory. not that kwan saw it.
you know, when you came back,
no, its not. its full.
you give me stories, i give you information.
neither fear nor desire.
now drop the guns and get down on the ground!
boone died, jack.
we should bury it.
i wanted to get back down here and check on you.
you wouldnt sacrifice alex.
truth cant be hidden for long, i didnt yearn to be yours, i didnt wish to rest on your shoulders, ill not feel sad after you leave me, i dont know to tell such lies,
had the pleasure of keeping them guys from compton off his ass.
im very happy today rahul... very happy.
! how could he know what we were gonna name it?
i dont know tamil...
ok, a lot bigger!
i gotta pull it around back. give me about five minutes.
whats the thinking?
i asked her to marry me, she said yes.
yeah, well, hes not as funny these days.
be here for a minute?
theyre gonna get killed no matter what i do, so why bother?
well, his story spread throughout europe and people from all over came to see if he was their missing child.
you have to make yourself available at 900 a.m. tomorrow, all right?
just accept it and stop being a hypocrite!
but now im out of time.
kids mr. ray!  come on, nemo.
this is my game.
no. come in.
mr jarrah, given the amazing circumstances surrounding the survival of you six, is it possible there are any other survivors from the crash yet to be discovered?
would you shut up?
id probably be dead if i still had a kidney there.
honey, i am sure jack is gonna be okay.
special agent adam frawley, violent crimes and robbery.
you know that morse code message that i got from the beach?
i wasnt saying... not right now.
deep breaths. deep breaths.
good. hey, happy birthday.
this is my husband peter.
nothing should be worth that.
attacked a kid for helping his sister.
someone should take those posters down.
stop this, youre killing him!
roger. i can see it, but i cant get there. over.
we are father and son at home, not here.
hey, mr. kent.
dust of graveyard on her right side and mustard seeds on her left side.
we called the doctor, but he fainted on seeing so much blood.
you say youre not here on a rescue mission, and the world at large believes us to be dead.
all were under here!
nows not a good time.
well, i got scared.
you love him a lot.
chicken salad this time.
hang on. jacob?
i hoped it wouldnt come to this.
but as i havent seen a bank on the island, i didnt think it worth mentioning.
if aunt nell finds us here, your life wont be worth living.
you passed out.
twelve for the lower floors, eight for the uppers.
why isnt there any reaction?
come by for a visit?
yeah, roger that, sir!
there, right theres a foot!
so which way do you think they went?
essam i never had one when i played you.
i need your help.
he remembers events for only about 15 minutes.
brian said you could have him.
that was before.
anyway, don seenu is dead long ago.
i thought you were butting out of this.
nothing happened for two weeks.
i messed up.
there are several pressure plates that, when activated, can give a fighter access to a variety of weapons.
we need to tell the vatican.
i know you well.
its our turn today.
you have had more than a month, sayid.
you would do anything, be anything for her.
i love you, penny. i love you.
your son brought me back from the dead, mr. kent.
oh, he is.
come on show me.
has anyone ever tried?
my daddy was a great man, even if he did exhibit a proclivity for legumes.
my conscience is fine, thanks.
thanks for your patience.
hes my stepbrother.
lets eat in the dining room.
he seemed scared.
if youd like to make a call, please hang up and try again.
how long will this go on?
it is our job to...
no, ill manage with the lidocaine.
you need to turn heads.
dory, you dont fully understand...
and then i used the oils to become what ive always been to lex, to the people at school everyone.
that fire gets close to the weapons room,were all dead.
theyre outside fishing and its really nice to see them playing with each other.
yeah, i am.
i want to show you something.
we cant do this!
do not dishonor me. take it.
i need time to think!
no one can take your place...
my mummy was happy just like that.
hold on, take it easy!
maybe its not about them watching you die.
pretty dressed up to be digging into a book.
i wrote it knowing one day id find him.
we estimate that it has a diameter of over 550km and a mass roughly one fourth the size of our moon.
did she leave any information, a phone number...?
youre fucking my brother!
i have folded all the sheets...
anyway, it says youre supposed to give yourself a shot every nine days.
all right, get em outta there.
you have no right to be unhappy.
wouldnt take no for an answer.
dont worry, priya.
that was whitneys mom, his dad just had another heart attack.
im there, doctors are there..n its only a matter of 3 hours comeon..take my scooter n go..now come on go..its getting late hey!
the blood has just started clotting
no madam, all the guys were hungry.
come, lets circumambulate the temple.
jamie says this building has an old bomb shelter.
where were you this morning?
ill see you tomorrow at 500 a.m.?
you know what markus will do?
i got something for anjali...
im working on it.
its only been three years, jim.
its time. time for what?
oh, hell. you just said everything ive always wanted to say in there.
hes the teacher responsible for me.
so, where are you going? you see, my son was taken.
you see these?
but, uh, figured you all need just as much help as we do, so... youre just doing this out of the goodness of your heart, fish?
i did the same thing punished the old man cause he was gone.
you ever hear about oceanic 815?
are you talking about the talon?
pull the brake, frank.
when boss doesnt know, why to trouble him, boss?
i think i got one of them.
not just slang, they are different people.
but for the sake of time and sanity, lets break this down into a little maledriven, factbased logic.
way i see it, its time to terminate the mission.
yeah, i know its a great shot.
its a cliche.
why were you worried? why today?
you shouldve stayed down, jack.
that snail was about to charge. hmm.
theyve been doing this for a long time.
thats my other cousin, but thanks for bringing that up, jackass.
who wants to volunteer to be team c and win this fabulous prize?
i punched the man in the damn face,hugo.
im calling papa right now...
but that doesnt mean its not the truth.
yes, a big one.
but i aint mad.
shes a fish killer.
where does all this come from?
an agreement you were about to violate.
but thats the truth...
emily, i beg you...
its neil, you inbred! and im not gonna ease up, cause im tired,
i need immediate assistance.
give it back.
look, unnecessary things are coming into the frame.
not gonna happen, john.
somewhere in the hospital.
you left me alone with the kids...
but, yes, i think so.
no, no, no.
good morning, miss tate.
ull go behind bars, idiot!
that was mothers biggest mistake.
were taught terror from the nursery.
i dont understand. this doesnt make any sense.
ive done a lot of growing up the past three years.
im sure it will, monsieur baldini.
my moneys on they see our electric pulses.
but i had what she needed, a way back in with the clan.
what doesnt kill you, makes you stronger.
dont worry, uncle.
okay, i probably should have told you that i saw her take the phone, but you beat me up, jack.
uh,not since carrie shot you with elephant tranquilizer. you okay?
wake her up if she doesnt push, then itll be a big problem vacuum cup has to be put, pia from where will they get a vacuum cup over there... wat is a vacuum cup?
were not sure if what you saw was...
does her husband drive her to the hairdresser?
well, that is not stopping him. see?
thanks, but im just your waiter tonight.
andy crawled to freedom through 500 yards of shitsmelling foulness i cant even imagine.
how did architects become involved?
cant remember the last time i saw you out of that hatch.
i said, hands off!
i grew up from mandal level to district level, and became don to the entire district.
clark kent, but weve already met.
when shes up in the air, 550,000 cubic feet of helium and 1 00,000 of hot air keep her up.
boss, am i good or what?
where is he going?
i hope im wrong.
hey, step aside.
i guess we are both sinners now.
my dear wife!
she confounds us all.
these are the same goons i was talking about.
lets see. he screwed my family out of the creamedcorn factory.
you saw what im selling.
weve got everybody we have working on the problem.
if you wanna help me with this fence.
anjali, please forgive me.
its my research.
you think youre gonna get out of here?
would you like to see how a frowning face looks like?
man makes clothes.
all right, thats it, bad girl.
did you just say rafts?
its for, you know... your last meal.
and dont tell anyone what you saw.
it wasnt like that before.
they say he rides in an alabaster carriage with golden guardians to protect him.
look, im, uh, sorry about your leg. wont happen again.
..it also carries thousands of pollutants.
for some time, you all have been accepting orders from a man named jacob.
aw, yeah. thats it, baby.
all we have is the element of surprise, jack.
im known to locate certain things from time to time.
oh, shes painting the kitchen.
what do you smell?
thats just for beth.
there is nothing like 50 minutes of mr. austins english class...
what do you mean by that?
but i couldnt be such a good dad to him.
ok, can you bring your shoulders down for me a little?
since your fevers pretty high, im guessing you have no idea
he got away!
so it worked?
you really think you can find my guitar?
this is why i came.
... buti thinkwe bothknow what men are like.
you did make quite a spectacle of yourself, miss walsh.
no, uncle. raksha bandhan is today.
first, lets find out where we can catch the comet.
just, hold your ground.
ive become friend of duggal by killing don seenu.
for a clownfish, he really isnt that funny.
hes kind of stubborn.
i made a 10,000 donation just to get you in to see him.
then whered you get this here jug?
hes off the rails.
my brotherinlaw has arranged a party tomorrow, you must enjoy it.
look, your darling is running away.
we have a fresh update, this just in.
we did it.
i hate being dependable, man.
lets see what you can do.
you had me followed?
i looked down the barrel of the gun.
..and some wrong number on that book and sell it to us.
in about six hours, the signals gonna disappear and the countdown will be over.
what did i miss?
everyone will be in visual contact.
if you ever wanna talk let me know.
after our last meeting, i didnt think id hear from you again.
okay there, sticky picky.
i executed the plan!
shes the it girl now.
please sign this document, certifying that i inspected the communication for contraband, without at any time breaching attorneyclient privilege by reading the materials enclosed herein.
i cant feel it.
just.. dont talk about my dad.
he will put us in trouble buddy, u though screwed virus completely oh emperor, ure great..
ill go wider, but it could take some time.
i would like to see my dad more.
he has a problem remembering, but best to be cautious.
are we still meeting up at the shed?
..at seven oclock in the morning on a foreign beach.
give us some privacy.
nope, thats pretty impressive, even by smallville standards.
he went after claire.
something like no one has ever seen before.
hed want you to.
thankfully, he isnt here.
they transferred him to a minimumsecurity hospital upstate.
you were wonderful, prem.
im the goddamn conductor!
so come up after a short while.
when you want to tell the truth and your illluck comes in between you.
and this orange one is mine.
get her out of here!
i heard about it in stir when i was gettin my parole.
lord.  get to the beach. ransack sawyers stuff.
what you want is some hydrangeas.
this going someplace?
sure doesnt look like it.
if he says you know things there must be something that made him think that.
i know what that is. sandy plankton saw one.
when i was like... seventeen or eighteen.
i dont know.
the woman who drowned?
security..that way..that way!
so you have conversations with them, like theyre your pals?
his thrashing is giving you nightmares and hear his voice always.
they think ethan took em.
you take care of him.
why did you leave?
i never made a difference here but maybe my children can.
and today, arun is going in search of that lamp.
three hundred pounds of c4 explosives were stolen from an army base outside of melbourne.
stay in that truck!
watch the front?
i promised miles. no.
oh, by the way, hows the foot?
this dessert is really very good.
show some skin, scofield.
i didnt... so... so naked.
but this is not a democracy.
i dont know what shes talking about. im 100 babysitting.
well, something happened.
has anyone seen ethan?
what do you mean, late?
locke. you need to go and tell him theyre coming.
did your mom what, honey?
i dont even know whats wrong with her.
strut and ignore.
you better believe it.
you should read her biography next.
im not going anywhere, okay? i promise.
whereas ill make it quick.
well, ive got about a million more questions i want to ask you, but they can wait until we get you back to the freighter.
well, do we know what hes teaching them?
do you know what youre about to do?
how far is chalk four from the crash site?
were ignoring you.
dude, you found your own bag?
are you done with faradays journal?
then today brother would have been alive, dad!
when can we send out the next issue?
you are gonna have to figure that out without me.
and carney miller up front. and knight has got the lead.
if you keep him, an imprinting protocol consisting of seven words needs to be spoken to david in this order here.
what i know is that this island just might give you what youre looking for but you have to give the island something.
its very pretty.
just think, theyre like wave energy, and if we can connect their charge, maybe we create a chain reaction.
by now hes probably back with his family...
you love fish.
were getting close.
do i really look that stupid?
he missed some school.
whatever you say.
lets go, sister. lets go home now.
where the guys?
this ones my favorite strip.
howd you get so damn good at horseshoes? i dont know.
she has made me forget the whole world. the whole world.
were executing a search warrant.
right there for you to see
now you let me have mine.
i just wanted to be thin. theres only so much a person can take.
all i wanted was to be thin.
look,i was joking.
maybe you should just swear off heatsucking horn dogs.
so, you ready to go?
he plays pretty good for a doctor.
im not sure how you didnt realise it.
bella, what is that godawful wet dog smell?
theres something on the news about the quake!
he had all the proper id drivers license, birth certificate, social security card....
but still, ritual requires that we continue with a number of platonic activities before we have sex.
theres nothing but water in every direction.
why in the hell would you try and kill yourself?
being in cryo for 5 years, 9 months and 22 days.
im glad youre safe.
he hung up on sajid don.
hes the one they wanted, why i got a bullet in my shoulder.
and i know your breath.
could you at least turn it down?
oops. if the mockingbird represents the idea of innocence,
but who the hell are the police to have stopped my wedding?
well be right there.
but hurry, this is a limited time offer.
i couldnt even take a plane ride without having a fix.
yes, sir, i understand.
i like to have a good cry at the nail salon.
yes, weve clarified all the points.
its a little gift from me to you.
we are not evacuating civilians fast enough.
am i still with augustine?
they must have done it to me.
its all lies.
john marshall, homeland security, san francisco said to say, howdy.
you went after sawyer and didnt tell me? shes my sister.
so no more veggie shakes, huh?
seriously, man, what has gotten into you?
shut up.  stop the car.
maj. chandrasekhar was my brotherinlaw.
finally, we just stopped trying to find open ground and we turned and faced them.
you dont believe me?
i tried to find you...
coast guard says its all clear.
lt was in everyones interest.
itll all be over soon.
hold it right there!
i think i might have something.
never take a step in life... that will bring shame to your family name or prestige.
what sort of business brings you to berlin?
but you said isaac fixed you.
we cant wait any longer.
how long has it been for you since... we first met, since you walked into our camp and you spoke to richard?
you keep going at this pace, youre gonna kill yourself.
all right, lets go. keep that collar steady.
ohh. she used to drag that thing everywhere.
remember? the elizabeth.
shut up, fool!
what is it with you, locke? why do you torture yourself?
five kilometres to beacon.
don mustnt escape. get up, lets go. get the bat.
seven years since you left iraq.
what do you remember from before this dream?
and he couldnt remember anything after that.
its like you find out this secret and it colors everything.
they know what theyre asking.
we aint going to ann arbor.
thank god we found you.
the revolution has begun, man.
you said the island wont let you lose weight, you destroy your stash, then bang...
dont you dare!
oh you already have
well, if i did, i couldnt say, could i?
ill still be the same to you, like im now.
chloe, you were right to endorse him.
we got a man locked up down in the hatch.
its always the quiet ones.  give it back to her.
look, im gonna grab your
what are you doing here with locke?
theyre not my friends.
there was another guy just like him joy lobo sir excuse me sir mr.joy lobo sir if u mind lettting me know abt the convocations dates... why?
only thing that matters now are guns.
because if you didnt say pull over, somebody else did.
and many people even rumor about ghosts and spirits.
i do believe youre talking out of your ass.
5a is to your right. enjoy your flight. hello.
he is unable to remember anything now. we call it short term memory loss.
i will look after it until you return.
not for anyone.
they see us.
a voice cuts through a voice repeating those numbers over and over again.
shouldnt you be more worried about jack ransacking your tent right now?
i too didnt expect to get murdered.
more than that. it connected her with someone.
this guy was in the back row of business class the whole flight.
..or you keep recounting the history of san francisco.
yes, actually, i would.
the night that boone died...
he means rattlesnake jake, mr. rango.
lets move out!
what are you doing out of the institution?
i dont know what to do.
well search as thoroughly as you please.
why would hurley of all people...
oh, my god!
if nothing was holding you back, what would you do?
hes not going back to where you came from.
have i seen you before i came into this house?
then the next level down, we feed him, i will create something for myself.
something you want to say?
no matter what he thinks... he is always right.
i know that voice.
well, i have a shot, so...
then i just... must get him.
so you think hell sue?
this is one time you better not be telling the truth.
where will you look for her?
no one seems to know whats happened to it.
my boys?  seven of them, on their math midterm.
john said not to tell.
the president is coming visit the college campus here.
why cant you just come in...?
i assume youll start your paper asap?
swim down together!
man 2 no, he wants it all for himself.
its not a sin to kill you also.
and now, all these years later, here we are.
my dad he was just trying to protect me.
hell blast bomb on your head.
we made it.
wheres my tic tacs?
annie, why dont you just stay one more night?
another kickass show. you were bloody brilliant.
why i never came home.
not only do they rob me of the fields medal they put me on the cover of fortune magazine with these hacks these scholars of trivia.
what the hell! what just happened to me out there?
i shoulda listened to you.
do you? its the same place they brought me as a child.
my ability to control emotions served her well.
i have to go right now.
how you holding up?
we were the lords of all creation.
and the rash is a sign of it.
maybe more. who are you?
soon as they figure out were not where were supposed to be, theyll come looking for us.
come on, thats enough.
all the dna in charlestown.
if youre really telling me you want to postpone this thing then i want to cancel it.
just getting him down to the engine room.
advise you to come out now.
although i thought that your self titled debut was a much stronger effort than oil change.
many more of us would be lying there, sir.
thats very convenient.
im gonna go help out over at harrys place.
hell, i wouldnt know where to begin.
hes smart and curious.
tell them what?
i didnt send any page.
i drink to you.
they said right.
i guess hes yours.
its time we disappear.
but were supposed to return to the colony before sundown or, you know, dads gonna...
well, i bet hell be calling you little princess any day now.
would you like to talk with them?
but this is wrong, you didnt tell sisterinlaw..
let him go!
how was i supposed to know?
maybe they got sick of the view and revolted.
just remember, this is business, not pleasure.
will they stop functions too?
she claims it affects the taste, but i think she just likes making sculptures with it.
i could have made it back.
well take it.
there was this mollusk... and he walks up to a sea cucumber.
i understand, deputy.
i used to think if i didnt talk about her, i wouldnt think about her.
pinto, drive him out quickly.
lets see whats going on in that piece of granite you call a head.
soaps, oils, toothbrushes, digestive pills.
after what he just did to kate, if you dont do it, sun, i will.
i found her, the frenchwoman.
okay, well, i will be back soon.
even her house is locked.
are you ok down there? nightnight.
seems philly falzone ran into some problem up in canada just because of the information you gave him.
but personally i believe that faith is bigger than destiny.
what happens in two hours?
youll have to excuse our reporter.
the important thing is that we stay on schedule.
get us another seat on the plane.
whod you say you were again?
and there will be a price.
okay. we should be back around 300.
hes got his secrets, just like you.
im standing guard. you heard what they saids out there.
narsing is your trouble shooter here, you must also know my power, right?
just cut the crap, warden, and tell me where my daughter is.
i love you too, baby.
clu figures if i can be in...
then open it.
sir asked to fill the tank.
can you believe that?
yeah, mrs. shrike, im moving.
sir, hes telling the truth.
but we order it every time.
people that have sighted ufos reported unexplained time loss.
and till then we wont be alive.
i did the same, but hes still alive.
what took place between you and beera?
no no, ... i got to get out of these leads.
now, open your eyes.
what, youre gonna say no?
fine, tomorrow youre going there with me.
ifyou want to live in this house you will have to follow the rules... and regulations of the house.
where is he going?
know what your problem is?
natural electrical circuit, and if we.
dad, help! please!  roaring
you get the combo?
and by the way, if the good doctor should ever want anything again...
to conclude that blue fairy is a human flaw, to wish for things that dont exist or to the greatest human gift the ability to chase down our dreams?
we must reach by 4 pm, right? ill take care of it.
this is the way it has to be, jack. its the only way.
are you ok?
actually i was passing by. so i thought of meeting you.
noels parents are leaving town. it means the party of the year is officially on.
shell be extremely happy with babu rao.
hello, my love. how are you?
i cant even look at him!
..then whatve you been doing for the past 140 years?
sayid, where are you going?
sounds fun, but my insurance ran out.
theyll start wondering where i am.
what can you tell me about him as a person?
the guard there assures us that everything is fine.
leave her alone.
to the top of mount wannahockaloogie!
thats crazy. well, theyre doing it.
a trick... to save a dying pen?
i dont know you well, but i know your wife, working with her at the auto dealership.
can i crash at your place in new york for just a little while?
this is some system you got here, chief.
ill see you tomorrow.
we cant trust them.
and what gives you the right to decide whether or not
so hopefully that puts us into a shipping lane.
lafleurs got search parties out, but the hostiles got a good jump on us.
yeah, lets go.
shes their spiritual leader.
its truly for the best.
nothing to do with minkowski. captain wasnt happy you busted out of sick bay
it doesnt mean anything unless...
fought in the spanish civil war.
i think this is the state in every field.
tell me, how many wives do you have?
which of you superstitious old women wants to spend the night in a cell?
the pearl is a psychological station full of tv monitors.
what are you doing in here?
oh ho papa...not an angel...fairy.
lj, i want you to listen to me.
you got your reasons, and i got mine.
i assume youre late because youve been in a fencing lesson or have you taken up polo again?
maybe we should get that guy hanging in the tree?
looks like theyre preparing an invasion.
whats buried under there?
and then i think about the moment..
will you wait for me?
he didnt break out. somebody let him out.
thats just a charade.
i was thinking, uh, the chances of a passing ship spotting this raft out there is pretty slim.
the girl says shell die if you dont accept her love.
ill take sashas place!
we have begun,
i had a really nice time tonight.
arun, were getting late and youre standing here.
i never touched those pants.
welcome to khwaish university.
listen up, everyone. word has come from far far away.
yes, of course, your function..
i really dont get how you did this want me to show you?
sure... it moves?
im nemo. nemo?
well, youve met me.
i just... wish that you could stay in the class.
why do you always poke your nose?
its the only way to save your friends.
but i dont want you to die so easily.
what you say may be true, but for us to decide how these people are laid to rest?
ill come out and check on you before i scrub in.
commission of happy club too.
remain where you are.
hold on a sec.
i dont. good.
heres whats left of the camera.
what do you want from me?
he brought me here on a business trip.
im trying to protect you.
ill get it.
im sure theres something reasonable we can work out if you just talk to him!
thats the guy dad saved. hows he doing?
then two months ago, the jitters started.
you will never understand.
im running out of time, and michael here is... now healthy enough to carry on.
wife, also linda.
so when you have these flashes, you can see through anything?
detective franklin do you have a picture?
lets leave her alone ok!
uh, by the way...
what he now felt was the fear of his own oblivion.
to find what we need to open this bastard up.
where do you see yourself?
why do you seem upset, uncle?
he keep the party going till the break of dawn.
wearwhat we have
that light in the sky... it was from the hatch, wasnt it?
got myself a wallet.
this is  you drew this?
maybe that thing will just go away.
but i wont give it to you.
young man, that sounds crazy.
theres gonna be a memorial service back at the camp for those... for those who didnt make it, for everyone to say goodbye.
no one knows.
you gonna have to prove yourself fore we trust you with the heavy artillery.
but if we give him fibonacci, he will give us anything.
oceanic airlines flight 815.
can i see him?
oh, yeah, they bring in fresh meat season after season.
i do trust you.
see ya in los angeles.
its a gourmet restaurant!
this is buddy.
get on with it or well have to cancel your entry!
ive no doubt london will hold many new friends and adventures for you.
for hurting you in the name of love...
cause we goin straight at em.
but tonight i want to thank you for bringing sheriff rango into our lives.
nobodys smart but me!
i am not a hostile.
im from the west.
im the youngest doctorate ever to ever graduate from oxford.
..and we can sort it out that way.
or if im not around, you can talk to my sister flo.
what kind of troop is this?
..i dont go in any restaurant that serves liquor.
ive got work to do.
all right. this area here is load bearing.
cant fight a love like ours, so, uh...
dude, dont look at me like that. im not crazy. this is really
dont tell me it was clark kent.
shortterm memory loss.
why dont you pack some things and you and dylan come stay with me on the base?
woman you have to get out of here.
please do not come in.
what did she look like?
last night. i went with him to metropolis.
theyre good. will somebody please give me directions? !
sam, you have to eat.  let go of me!
do you know nuala windsor?
you cant hear everything, boone.
this is about you, dad, its always about you!
when the alarm sounds, either you or your partner must input the code.
yeah. i killed all the rest.
where is she, darn it?
i coulda been at a barbecue!
you like impressions? mmhmm.
perfect time for a jacuzzi.
actually, i do care about locke.
you shouldnt have insulted nadia like this.
what happened out there?
oh, sure its wonderful, except for the part where im crazy.
we cant wait any longer.
this is chief of security wilson.
wait, there is security guard outside.
you promised me, nothing reckless.
what do you think of it, maria? the new house.
nobody will suspect anything.
sir i had pissed on directors door when i was in a drunken state... that devil rancho is still playin with ur brain?
anjali daijaan come here.
but ive got a plan.
thats because eric didnt get my two strongest gifts.
i told him that i would fish.
..when he deceitfully severed my hand.
you must be accurate with your striking!
lights went off.
i thought you loved me.
nice to see you too, jack.
i take care of myself.
yeah, theyre ripping your hair off.
miami, south beach... surrounded by pussy.
all the cash we can carry. got to move fast, though.
always knew i could trust that guy.
after the accident, when my heart stopped.
and in exchange for that, you give me one of the bags youre all carrying... and you all get to keep the other one.
yes, i did, and im sorry
thats my day job.
theyre already up.
you need two different personalities.
come on, get back to the speech. you have to decide what you believe in.
how can you keep missing your mark?
they want the life of its designer.
its not that i dont believe you, clark.
he said no. thats what i thought.
tell me more about being a leader, locke.
this is the beginning of a new england in india.
but if ur friend comes first..u feel even more sad!
get the tank commander.
ill put a hundred in your kick every month.
why you want to see burrows so bad, anyhow?
bad husband, maybe.
honey, hes just a friend.
i cant believe you suggest that after what happened.
dont waste ur time, its not important!
raah! im a piranha.
get him out of here.
whats going on, jack?
if that were you, hed let you die.
thats the longest stretch i ever heard of.
i figure once we bag it, we cross over into mexico, take a whole bunch of mpy secondclass bus rides till we hit panama.
youre gonna take me back out there.
the road is as clear as the sky
emmett, grayhaired, by my side, surrounded by our grandchildren.
did you put them in my book?
yes, i promise you.
there is another number that were only supposed to use in emergencies.
a word with you, please?
nobody will move.
at the base of that wall, theres a rock that has no earthly business in maine.
this dude gets his boom box, holds it over his head outside this chicks window, and plays some peter gabriel song for her, and, bam, the girls his.
if you tell me what to say, ill train him.
how you doing, soldier?
you saying were lost doesnt make us lost.
you will never come anywhere close to my kids...
i got it in some of the abandoned luggage.
oh, mom, not too big.
shes a good lady, please dont beat her.
well, wheres your hat?
theres a pot of water boiling over here. charlotte charlotte.
he said the fever would break, and it hasnt.
i know i cant do it.
im gonna get a doughnut.
there is nothing new since 4 am.
and then i....
aare, we havent informed pia at all!
its okay. ive made a few myself.
...a carefree monkey
yeah, its okay.
death race is a trademark of weyland international.
my aunt, alas, you know.
i knew you were real.
ill always keep you happy.
you think she knows about the kid?
hey, where do you think youre going?  i said, get...
and then i can watch the procedure, help you out.
juliet 64, this is juliet 25.
gusteaus restaurant is the toast of paris, booked five months in advance.
i think well find something for you.
welcome to the army.
come on. all units, gear up.
im gonna need you to help me put it back up.
your dont go looking for trouble in here, it just finds you.
were going to kill them all.
do you think we looked guilty?
you believe a lot, sayid.
if you could just arrange another meeting with professor einstein.
ill get back here as soon as i can.
all right, ben, lets go.
last i heard, hes heading towards the harbor.
knight one, sweep lock.
no, maam, i dont.
maybe its cause you dont think you have anything to lose anymore, you know?
he saved my life, but hes also a mystery.
i want to be a bandit.
can you hear me?
ii gotta go.
i didnt hear about that.
its detective franklin.
he wrote two letters a week instead of one.
what are you making?
look, i... certainly dont want to contradict myself, but... we have a very specific process for selecting our leadership, and it starts at a very, very young age.
you do realize this flies in the face of 150 years of economic theory?
here in london, i picked up signals from others around the globe.
what the hell is going on here?
or when hindus in india..
raju,put it in!
old and sick?
we have to go!
put your hands where i can see them!
its taking me, its taking me.
lets get out of here.
im hugo reyes. theyre not open. theyre mine.
its just kind of spontaneous.
i can go no further.
why are we listening to arzt?
i was shouting. he heard my voice.
no, no one.
come now, mr. rango.
you hear that?
why are you cutting the call?
no. no, were opening the hatch so that we can survive.
i gotta go.
just dont swallow it, man. all right?
lets do this.
sure. new recruits?
let me go.
i know hes bleeding.
what did you just say?
come on, youre doing great.
certainly, mr. moriarty.
you love this, dont you?
jesus christ, i thought you were done with this, nina.
you look like you could use some help.
are you afraid of seeing the stars patricia?
fireman! fireman, fireman.
this is unit 14.
tony, take your cap and come.
yeah, i wanted to help, before montand lost his frigging arm.
youre only allowed one bag.
everything down there is gonna be unstable as hell.
to know the need, ive to tell you a story.
then, thats on you.
one is light. one is dark.
from the look on his face, even your old man here didnt know you speak english.
how many products do you have?
every book, except this one.
no. ill do it.
narsing brother, im ruined.
you didnt have any idea?
congratulations, mr. linguini.
and youre right, mr. gavineau.
it kind of looked like the mexican chupa thing.
whywhy would he do that?
they took all our other clothes away.
im gonna put my gun down.
it was imaginary peanut butter, actually.
you still working with that stick in the mud?
my name is richard alpert.
this is our island.
that train under power.
why are you leaving hurriedly?
maam, for your safety, please get back into your van.
are you sure?
my great india... remember?
leave me alone!
at least youre honest.
i dont want him to get hurt. i would never hurt him.
it doesnt matter, sayid...  yes, it does.
who the hell is hugo reyes?
dude, thats all i got.
whats your name?
he says he does not know.
he may not like it, but he needs to know.
you said i could capture the scent of anything.
you caled him and he called deepthi immediately, and shes going for breakfast with him, look, how fast they are, brotherinlaw!
i should have come...
but you saved me.
whyd you do it?
tell that to the bullfrog, the chicken hawk or turtledove!
maybe he couldnt afford season tickets.
come back later.
maybe i should get a gun and rob the foodway so theyd send me home.
it has for a long time. what makes you think im so special?
die laughing and youll laugh forthe next 7 lives lf l die, its on my terms
i didnt realize it was that high up, you know.
just leave my parents out of it.
she entrapped you and brought you to this hotel room.
i may let you chauffeur me again, mr gray.
oh, you just screwed some major league pooch, pretty.
you tell me what you want me to do.
no way, bloody crap.
i hate it!
he could still hang us for 04.
have you ever tried to find your parents?
im burning with jealousy
you explain that to his mom...
gonna give him the opportunity to walk scotfree if he gives up his friends.
move, i put three holes in your head like a bowling ball, big boy.
then id have someone take her home.
what would you like?
think theyll be okay?
i mean, are you sure you want to do this?
shouldnt a pot bellied man fall in love?
whyd you wait till now to take up this case?
no, my father finally made it out to the suburbs.
greg, i know whats happened to you.
you kicked waters butt!
he refuses to call him his father.
do you remember the... authentic aboriginal walkabout?
yeah, i got them by the balls with that when this turns into a shit fight which it will.
no ones ever seen their house.
strict dress code. no jewelry and no opentoed shoes.
not if the system is operable.
you can do this, charlie.
shut up and relax.
i didnt mean to hurt you!
well be able to break through the part of the wall that covers the pip opening.
is it a boy or a girl?
what are you talking about? what hallucinations?
so what did you say?
please stop all this.
mistake, machiraju has committed a grave mistake.
cant see shit.
is it 100 sure?
lets make machiraju go mad getting seenu married to his sister.
just a minute, babe.
just tell me where they are,and ill go
you aint done with me by a damn sight.
when will you come?
i know you have questions for me.
across the road.
take the kid home.
what are you, crazy?
ls it ntv?  yes.
i just  i dont know whats gonna happen... to us.
your dads not going to be over here, is he?
youll upset the rest of the group.
you are the one who wanted us to get along.
but what will happen is another matter entirely.
no, no, no!
lets figure this out?
then maybe you dont know michael scofield.
locke has no idea whatdoes ing.
yeah, but what if it aint?
first time im seeing a man rejecting a girls love.
let me ask you something, john.
is that all you got?
i thought i was one of a kind.
ready, mr. atto.
l dont have anymore nappies.
i dont know yet. youve already made up your mind about him, so what do you care?
two men with an unexplained illness for which no one seems to know the cure isnt my idea of under control.
where you going with that?
we have to bury them.
i will see you at practice today, 300. dont be late.
it is true! you are the one!
came to talk to your parents about the settlement. what are you reading?
honking woman screams man call an ambulance! help me.
yeah they were salesmen of the year three years running, 89, 90, 91.
wow, where to begin... this story.
talk to him yourself
they find claire?
babies know that stuff.
some people attribute his behaviour to posttraumatic stress from his service as a pilot in vietnam.
wish i knew who she was seeing through.
... ineedto talktoyou about something.
he knows what these guys can do.
corporate on line 2.
he was doing what was best for him.
okay, mr. locke, what is it that were hunting?
see the address on that?
when was the last outbreak?
i dont understand you, but i believe you.
god doesnt know how long weve been here, john.
theyre probably more scared than we are, and they have no idea were on our way.
ive got a room in the edgewood motor court.
we know where he attacked jin and charlie.
im here because i need your help.
i was driving by, i saw the light on. i figured it was you.
take it easy, its alright.
i think i really freaked her out this time.
no. yes, please.
oh, shes a trip.
we can make it.
its a place where miracles happen.
ravi, take me away. please.
about how you proposed.
what the hell are you talking?
light them up.
nothing, just flowers.
well, life isnt easy for anybody whether youre normal or super, but youre still clark kent.
madam, quickly tell me where you want to go.
and unlike our selfish creator, who reserved the privilege of our world only for himself,
adam smith was wrong.
take a break a minute?
you got it.
any thought yet on a cause?
yes, you can.
i would put my absolute faith in to save us all, it would be john locke.
why did you call me, jack?
taking your order, i hope.  what?
walks away from the car.
so, you and your wife travel around the world and crash here in a smileyface balloon.
back off. get away. a sikh employee in michigan was shot dead by his employer..
i think this is mine!
i said thank you, ill take it from here.
one minute im telling him he doesnt stand a chance. the next, i got a signed contract.
he says the worlds going to flood!
well, im special too.
have you seen clark?
well, theres no other sign of fire damage anywhere.
will he come for this stupid bet he wont come i know he wont come he he eh what?
whats going on out there?
what are you talking about?
get out of the chopper now!
why is this being asked over and over again?
i am not your daughter.
i came to finish the job, to get rid of these.
come on, come on.
all yeah, right. yeah.
im a man of my word.
what have i done with nicholas?
were coming in with a police escort right now!
we can make it back in a couple of hours.
comtron was a relatively happy family.
its okay, miles.
so whose idea was it to move into these houses?
all right. kill the traffic light.
i felt a lot on my mind lately.
everyone line up for class.
i need more soup bowls, please.
i was only 22 years old.
..he said it as well, that a man who makes a living..
if you dont want to go, tell him.
ill ask the warden for funds.
give me rs.20 change.
glad hes not my dad.
so its open now.
whatever. claires still sleepin. ill grab her.
i didnt hear you.  sorry. didnt mean to spook ya.
boy, i really feel for you, i do!
all you need to do is nod.
im not ready for a new school... with all new kids.
priya, forget lmmy.
i think we should go back, man.
why is nobody digging?
originality without purpose is useless.
break a leg, superstar.  okay.
what are you doing here?
the same as everyone knows hindi in india.
i called my wife.
colette will help you.
i want to go home.
edward hated the idea, but it wasnt about rivalry anymore.
eric just flipped out, it was kind of scary.
the island. yes. the island.
can the old dirteater do this?
dad are these your guests?
i need to know.
those yahoos have been here for months.
i said theyd give you money!
my nephew wants me to perform a little test on you.
i was on oceanic flight 815.
come to the vacant lot and youll see.
hey, come on, take it easy!
it should be secure.
hey how much time!
baby, where is this coming from?
those are messages everybody wrote.
you dont see it?
think maybe we got our wires crossed about tonight.
what are you doing man?
things have been so lonely since my wife, debbie, passed on.
i, uh... i need to call him.
nemo! no!  hey!
llook at the bunglow behind idiots 3.5 million swiming pool heated!
how could one man drag two people, one pregnant?
anushka and that lady.
they try that light stuff, we got each others back.
that girl, um, barged in.
for my son. hes gonna be two next week.
that was a terrific party the other night.
look, theres kasim.
all in all, its easier than that knife wound of yours.
is this because of what barry said he heard?
yes, they do look rather juicy.
they got these huge palettes of mine explosives for some shock and awe campaign.
i have a fix.
i think they went this way. im not as good at this as locke is.
besides, my babys worth it.
that should put him in sydney harbor in a matter of days.
then how are we gonna stop him?
no, you dont.
what are you waiting for, priya, just go.
were you pleased with my execution?
you dont worry. ill take care of everything.
listen, if you sign this document, legally hell be no different than any other kid you pass on the street.
good. all right, well, bye.
all this is your fault. they did not need to die.
do not attempt to use the computer for anything else other than the entering of the code.
we go out and we kill him.
tonight, id like to present the foie gras.
you. what the hell was all that?
the sacred time!
and that is why i need five guns.
not to mention the damage to the knight 2000.
i still hurt from the last man who made me feel...
that couldnt have been easy on you.
what amazes me most is youd be taken in by it.
on that day, prithvi will do two things.
i will take your leave now. i am late for work.
the parole board got me into this halfway house called the brewer and a job bagging groceries at the foodway.
she was with you?
dont you miss?
well, im sorry, but im here to meet a young lady.
im in the middle of something.
im the guy standing between the criminals and respectable citizens like yourself.
so, follow my plan.
now whats all this about my car?
i am a professional. i was hired to bring you to guam.
though i, like many other critic,
two gunners are better than one.
ive got an opening at 5.
every choice youve made in your life, whether it was to murder or to torture, it hasnt really been a choice at all, has it?
so should we do the i told you so part or is my perennial bad judgment implicit?
please dont fight.
come on manny! hes not that stupid..!
your father didnt dream up this little plan, did he?
hes gonna kill me anyway.
listen, johnny, im serious.
youve told me a thousand...
i need you to call your hotel.
it was with joy... no.  it was with pleasure...
l dont love anyone else.
it was just that i wanted to spend some time with my son.
may i ask why?
its holding a chicken leg.
well, bad luck that it was his father who was disloyal, and not his mother.
then, make him fall for you.  who?
shes an interesting woman. some of the nurses say she can see the future.
hes a priest and youre a priest, too, right?
romeo on video o my love!
the radio is out.
she she hated the fact that i was a cop.
was that a joke?
and my husbands health too is by gods grace fine.
ill take that microfilm.
my daughter was alive but in a dangerous form.
i want to know the effects on people, not plants.
..that people like us cant express their emotions in words.
and at that moment, my love for you...
hey, you got nothing to worry about, okay?
lets keep going.
youve to step aside, what else can we do?
eat my lead, boy! eat my lead!
i dont have that one.
look, you got me.
you didnt tell me that she had a child.
will there be anything else?
its the last place you go. everyone knows it.
itll take time, but aidid will feel the loss.
how is he worth the risk to you, to martin, to our family?
well, its about time.  for what?
so, how was your day?
its not so easy as it looks.
i dont get it.
you bust her, too?
sparkling white in one rupee.
i just wanted you to know.
who can afford to get his brandnew car totaled out?
you cant track this boar without my help.
its pretty cool, actually.
cause i think they did something to me.
that christian girl wants to be daughterinlaw..
were more than a mile out on the main. more than a mile to the next stop.
shes not an ordinary spirit, shes a devil.
charlies in the way.
what did you do with the rest of him? witness protection.
im sorry i came over here, all right? i was just trying to help.
so you must be kevin peterson.
answer only with yes or no
ahmedabads snacks king, ramesh soni.
howd you get in there?
the bees did something to make her their queen.
alarm system sucks, though.
at the very least, i expected your support.
why? drive the car.
what happened to your inquiry?  information we got is true.
i came to know after you told me.
think of it like an active lightning rod.
my deepest condolences, lord miraz.
l know, mrs. taylor, calm down.
aarush never lies.
have you gone completely insane?
wait a minute!
well, aint life grand?
do it anyway.
your heart aches when your dear ones go far distances doesnt it?
you want to see me?
to make that happen. thats my claim to fame.
movement on the northeast corner.
find who? helen norwood. the woman i asked you about.
but like the living dead.
i liked the old you, who wouldnt just sit around and wait for things to happen.
yes, heres your money.
itll come back around.
then where did he come from?
dont trust him, pandu. im sure he killed your men.
so, ramona, beatrice has her report card.
rear flank, follow suit.
he was dressed and unshaved, and he started to laugh.
lets do this.
because of what he did.  it was an accident.
on day 108, the remaining six survivors, including ms austens baby, which she gave birth to on the island of membata, used this raft to journey here, an island called sumba.
the doctors here did their best, but i had a specialist flown in to reset your leg properly.
while i was off trying to get us help, get us rescued, you found my stash, and you took it, divvied it up.
everyone knows english here.
jenny will live like queen there.
maybe something has happened to both of us!
ive been to juvie.
what if they dont come back?
its hard not to think. that shes feeling the same way i do.
... noideayouwereinvolved in any way.
you followed it, and it led you to her.
like brooks did?
hi, im all set.
we can get on with our lives.
i gotta get up to a roof about a hundred feet.
lets start with a simple question
locke said the people on the ship were coming to rescue charlotte and kill us.
if i hadnt married you..
ill tell my wife.
i bare my soul, and all i get is bloody jokes.
whats the point?
we cant leave them.
i was scared then..
im gonna give you three seconds.
forget about me...
if someone is following in harrys footsteps, maybe they sent him fan mail.
i have lost contact with the package.
ill be fine.
and why is my mouth minty?
sweet revenge im not dying
shes getting us ice cream...
really, does he still teach?
you know its billy.
tell me! tell me where it is!
were gonna be rich.
he was executed.
do you know his power in bombay?
all right, people, step inside the door and check yourself for bugs.
yeah, it was depressing all right.
i have all the cream i can drink and all the mice i can chase.
and im aarushs sisters husband.
sanjay singhania, my boyfriend.
youd better let me take over. your reflexes cant handle it.
on the other hand, stay here, get eaten by boars, fall off a rock not gonna be anyone around to answer that 911 call.
you see, clark, im in a battle that i cant afford to lose because if i do, well, the bad guys win.
im coming, penny!
well dance around it like wild injuns.
but their effect is the same when the shoots are inserted underneath the fingernails.
its the fishs idea.
i needed six grand to pay these guys off i was in trouble with.
where are you going, aarush?
are you scared of me or my gun?
if you do something really, really, really special for me a special mission then ill go tell mommy i love you.
look at you with them chicken legs. come on, dylan. look out!
she doesnt usually behave like that.
thats sweet, but...
things have gone way past complicated.
have you been stealing food?
l spoke to locke.
floyd maybe we should fuck her first.
so he sent you here as an incentive.
not a soul.
so i started pushing the button too.
i dont know.
looks like a map of la.
what are you doing out there?
i have no idea to this day what those two italian ladies were singing about.
ok. hang on.
ive got to go, and youve got to get as far away from here as possible.
james! i got this.
you wonder where it went.
think you can jack that thing?
im coming with three friendlies.
i was taken prisoner by the french woman.
hello, mr. vishal! dr. mathur will speak to you!
oh, please, no. not here.
whitney, you have a minute?
this is australia.
listen. listen, i was there.
..to loot you scoundrels.
bring wood like this.
i have formed such a bond with him. bond.. bond..
i have no idea.
when it completely took over
get on the ground!
hes been uncharacteristically silent.
how far we have come!
i dont know but i think hes out in the world trying to make a difference now.
your name is genius?
her names quorra.
something mustve happened to their phone.
only then can i do anything.
pete ross, the kingmaker.
they trace anything, itll just lead to him.
..i get fired because of my ominous fate.
were having lunch at my home today.
sobbing im supposed to raise him.
you want a shot, take it.
now well take the post master sir n go only then!
theres not much resemblance.
he has diarrhoea.
i dont want the money.
after all everyone in the party will be dying to know... what rukhsar is going to wear...
which means life is hard.
if theres anyone on this island your brothers safe with, its locke.
that night we were in the hotel, what is the evidence?
she was following her friends.
you know, i was young.
dont feel guilty if you cant.
excuse me, you wouldnt happen to recall seeing a male caucasian mid 30s, wearing a graystriped hoodie with shorts?
live together, die alone, right?
no, no, no. help. stop.
as i recall, that is what you do.
this island tests us.
theyve published. im still searching, sir, for my
what my husband did to you today... it was a misunderstanding.
i would like a beer too.
maybe you should listen to jack.
lets just grab the equipment and go, shall we?
he always keeps it on a hook in his office.
then why are you trying so hard to convince her that shes a mammoth?
and its pooling around the wellhead.
wasnt it you who beat goons in the pub?
entire brahmin neighbourhood has become impure, father.
we have to get on that sub.
tell me you got a move here, dougy.
..created a glass barrier between us.
of course, herr kommandant.
i sit here and you chant or pray or what?
its sector 16 unauthorized engine start.
whats your stopping distance?
santa, were here to put the coolant, not that one.
afraid i dont.
i dont even want to...
are we moving again? no, stupid.
look, i was just gonna take
what happened? youre fine.
goldberg, get him out!
he understands my emotions...
so i was thinking, if were gonna do this every day, and hopefully we will, we have to, like, fit some homework in there somewhere.
um, i have a lot on my mind.
look, i think shes telling us the truth about her boyfriend.
michael this is the one.
do u have a better idea for this?
dont raise new tensions, come.
he has my photo.
no, tanya. dont!
i never saw the distinction.
why would i go to the funeral?
couldnt get us into first class. why not?
i need to stay here.
so you walk him.
you too shout.
but i have people i have to take care of, too.
claires baby is fine.
why did you lie to the girl?
why arent you chuckleheads at work?
lower your gun, or ill blow his damned head off, brother.
there she is!
first he attacks lana, then he comes after me.
youre like a baby, making noise, dont know what to do.
just cause im the cheerleader doesnt...
im his wife.
youre insulting the government.
what did you say?
dont try to follow me.
no, im not going to say it.
put your laundry and dishes by the door.
i couldnt respond to my wife.
theres a toolbox, see if you can find something to get me outta these.
i bought a tiger.
and they remembered his words, and so should you.
get his habit changed.
maybe the mattress isnt for you.
you are improvising?
how are we gonna do that unless we give it a shot?
and not in two years.
she fell into a mountain river.
the gauss readings has jumped off the charts.
blue fairy, please.
you are not fit jarrod?
erin, grab the fire gear!
jasmine, would you like to go to the ball with me?
what are we doing, g?
whos charles widmore?
i didnt expect you that fast.
the sheriff will be told youre coming 20 minutes before youre scheduled to arrive.
that he was in danger.
i dont have to tell you how important next friday nights game is.
my love, youre beautiful.
she gave it a name. territoire fonce.
now, in a game show, no one cares about the game. the games arbitrary.
shut up sid!
its what ive been training for.
ladies and gentlemen, united states secret service.
well kill them just carrying them.
i was hoping i could borrow one of these guns.
who did it, huh?
do you think hes out here because of the thing with seans car?
my first grade teacher said i was born with two helpings of brain but only half a helping of heart.
why are you settling down here?
youre wearing a uniform.
there are only nine cars.
what kind of trouble?  international gun charges, parole violation.
you have to go out again tonight?
mr. ross, if you want your fortune told go to the circus.
do they marry only on saturdays here?
no no no, coop.
im ready to take any risk.
whatever ben linus did down at the orchid station...
all right.  at least one of us is showing a little restraint.
quorra, theres something i need you to do.
hurley, the womans on bloody steroids.
because thats the only thing keeping him alive.
look, please dont do this.
mal wont let me.
burn, beera! burn some more
my friend is a problem solver, thats all.
your mom may be hot, hanna,
what a great news, mother!
can we exit this way?
dont touch that ever!
they own the metropolis sharks.
i cant believe i live here!
he spoke out of turn to a general, in defense of some of his friends who were going to be sacrificed in a battle.
that depends on, of course, whats best for tom at that point.
thats a big problem there.
ill give you 500 to borrow your scooter.
guess ill just put it on your tab.
please let there be a way out of this.
what is he doing?
you know what?
silent bell came from cage number two.
he thinks shed be a valuable member of our society. but betwn you and me, i dont see it.
..wont tell a petty lie for rs.5000.
my name is zulekha bano.
havent your parents told you gambling leads to ruin and prison?
its got death written all over it.
i saw you eyeing them when you came in.
what do you think, john?
im sorry. im so sorry, sara.
and what is that supposed to be?
calm down, everyone. its all right.
because you left us.
who says that?
wheres the gun?
you know, something creative.
im not a driver.
but whoevers trying to take aaron...
they had to go to a hospital as soon as we arrived.
thats why im going to mumbai.
im her daughter. shes confused. i was getting a doctor.
yes, thursdays perfect.
ill be heartbroken.
yeah, hes one of the owners.
hes smart, thats why he managed by acting as dumb.
possibly the result of impact.
yeah, leave me alone.
what in the hell are you talking about?
wow, we have drapes now.
you still there?
what did the customer say?
we have everything under control, governor.
barry and i have been bowling here since we were kids.
sulu over here is packing a suitcase full of salted fish.
please let us help.
and then roberta.
what you doing here?
a girl wants to marry only you if not wants to commit suicide.
lets move out!
you cant fly that guy back. keamy.
the works done.
what are you doing here?
may fantasy become reality.
are these the wounds of passion?
kate, whyd you make me promise to never ask about aaron?
you used exactly enough.
when youre sick and you have something inside you that doesnt belong there, you can feel it.
i have grown old.
theyll be expecting that, and you will lose.
and im not about to just open my mind to someone like that.
you can have anything you want...!
cause you to buy a selfhelp book.
its too soon.
this will be my first class. good morning eager young minds.
perhaps a few years from now i can laugh at the fact that... i loved a certain rahul who could not become mine.
ahaana, listen to me. listen to me.
the most lasting proof of their genius.
nick, i m sorry.
super silly fun land! can we go? please?
if someones going to be in there,
hes standing outside right now.
we got to do this fast.
that has nothing to do with this.
and now only two are left.
lots of places.
i killed you.
the country best in the world is our india... dont ever forget!
you mind telling me what this is all about?
there are only two kinds of people in this world.
up to you which one.  who are you?
searching for a job?
there was another flash and she was just gone.
have a good flight.
that why you wanna die?
... orthathe mightstillbethere .
i figure flying cant be too much fun for you.
i brushed my teeth...
that must have been awful for you.
visualize the path. see it.
she has arrived the cunning vixen to drop her daughter.
kind of hoped id seen my last hospital room in a while.
i got him.
one of his players comes forward, and he threatens them with pyrotechnic sprinklers.
too many cooks already.
but more importantly it will heal you,daniel your mind,your memory.
uh, comtrons sponsoring a charity show out at the track.
no ones called shmuel.
i spin the wheel and throw the ball...
yeah, hes still working it.
the rescue columns here and will be with you in about 5 minutes.
lf i dont get an answer, ill die.
are you alright
earl already come through here?
you speak korean, red?
how do you explain that?
im... sorry for your loss.
youll get plenty of time to think about all that later.
mighty allah had even asked ibrahim to sacrifice his son.
im requiring you to do your job, which is to report on relevant school events
sir, ill see you out.
we all saw that thing nearly kill him that night.
sol i thought you dropped out.
so how much?
this belonged to martin, my son.
so mr. vishal, where were you between 7 and 12 last night?
only reason youre here
lana, you have a visitor.
you know perfectly well how i feel about you.
when we will find a donor, transplant will be done.
oh, please, call me ella.
you know, i noticed they all came across the street from comtron.
what have you done to my house?
can you get over here?
did you ever think its strange that my dad and your aunt used to date?
youve never fired a gun before.
thats insane. shes insane.
he said he could do it!
but baby youre the one.
if u press the trigger then ill press the flush!
he seems afraid, though.
what number should i bet on?
oldest skyscraper in the city.
he didnt come back to help you, john.
did you bury it?
come on, buddy!
i stopped by to see erics parents this morning.
you mean hell die?
yes, i do.
dont let him move so much as an inch, and youve got yourself 10,000 in cash, boy.
well, i find that very hard to believe.
lets call it an interest. smallvilles my home now.
seen me what?
i scrub one more tray, im gonna go j cat.
graduated two years after you did.
dont make me ask again.
you know what i have to do.
is the perfect setting.
no mess. no showers.
unless charlie isnt the one leaving them.
give me an hug.
the way i see it, youre in here doing 60tolife for vehicular manslaughter.
i risk it all, because i love you.
dying here, or dying there.
what was the need for them to say all those things?
take it off, get out of that coat!
there are parts of my life im not proud of, clark but i dont want to see you or your family hurt.
squadron leaders, i want a weapons check!
thou art slave to fate,
can he do it again?
honey, it is just a sign.
what a great news youve for me!
wheres my father?
but you dont know.
whats done is done, just clean up after yourselves.
shreya just stay out of this!
shes twice better in every aspect over priya.
dad, you know i am terrible at it!
you have a large quantity of heroin in a country that has no poppies and no market for its sale.
glad you could come, doctor.
maybe youve heard of my mother, sabrina carlisle.
pete, what happened?
and i did accidentally hit that poor lady.
have they charmed you?
give us a penny!
stay out of jail.
weve been waiting for you.
just try to breathe. breathe.
its all right, leticia.
the girl i used to be.
dont come out till i tell you its safe.
so it was just a coincidence that he came wandering out?
thats not true.
distinguishing features include large ocular cavities.
lollipop is sweet. its a good thing.
now, which way do we go?
and followed you around like some groupie.
i could take vincent. he can sniff something that belonged to charlie,
i came back here because i care,juliet.
i need to talk to you.
i never killed a man.
itll certainly slow him down.
im a fairy princess.
but here, among the monsters,
whats your dad like?
and have you seen the latest bloomberg report?
they got the rescue chopper!
however, my father will insist i go into politics.
it was the only way they could lose their virginity...
get out of here!
we have to deliver it to the dentist, later.
a bloodsucker moves into town and the fever sets in.
half an hour.
odyssey. its a building on your right. i want to go there.
no, we both stay away together. i cant make you choose between me and your family. the only way i can protect you is to be with you.
know what i like about you, mike?
i dint go i dont wanna be an engineer dad!
theres too many.
we gotta get the fuck out of here. were gonna die.
instrumental music playing
well, well. looks like johnny lockes got himself a nemesis.
but before he could finish, we were interrupted by that flash of light and im hoping we can pick up where we left off.
my fathers name is narasimhacharyulu.
you five were inseparable,
8, 15... are you all right?
not really. i figure theyre a million years away from my life now.
the man got it going.
team five, grill. team six, sauces. get to your stations.
i know what it is to lose someone you care deeply about.
and the woman that left it, she wasnt rescued.
just get back inside and wait until
you think thats the answer to your problems?
if you dont respect me, at least respect that.
because of what youve seen.
mother, if hes that guy, then where is my son?
to visit my mom.
the reason he wants to be a minister is because they have lots of banquets.
crash, eddie! grab onto that ledge!
krishna is her brothers name.
attack the water..
why dont you get your head out of that comic and play a little ball?
can i... come in?
kelso said i was death.
one cant trust these mad children.
dad why cant i stay with all of you here?
then, well be in danger.
ill remember that if im ever interviewed by the biography channel.
everything was going well...
no, no, no.. no smooch.
our bodies cant withstand the excessive temperature.
ok... i wont say anything.
you go ahead, ill watch.
we can fit. no, we wont fit.
kitt,the chances of mike and i surviving the rising temperature are 1 in 997,000.
big deal. my car talks to me. its called gps.
mom, youre supposed to be upstairs.
take it easy.
how is the soda pop relevant to the dancing?
hes hiding inside that shell putting its head in the shell and its arms and legs.
this is too much... eh!
no. here you go.
couldnt even come up with something original.
you invited us to the party affectionately.
you have any kids?
im planning to escape tonight.
claire, take this.
that dog gonna hunt! damn, daktari, you can play, man.
we gotta get to the boat or this choppers useless!
i paid for something delishus, and look what i got an easter egg.
why the hell are they... putting them on the sub?
did kyle seem at all dangerous to you?
my grandma and grandpa both died just after we got here, but there werent any funerals.
you know me!
so, whats the plan, sundance?
hey. i see youve changed.
we could go up or down.
should be worth 3,000.
didnt i say, someday, ill surely throw you in the water.
just try it.
flying at a very comfortable 30,000 feet.
no, or i dont think so?
got yourself an opponent?
yes, you do.
with a meteor fixation.
yes, shes my daughterinlaw.
i know a thing or two about making people suffer.
what else could i do?
were still trying to find her, sir.
no i cant. i cant talk now. okay.
rome wasnt built in a day, you know.
i dont know, corrections officer.
theyre saying with the medication and low stress environment
the official story is, there was a fire. but all they found were her ashes.
well be through in a moment.
put the gun down.
fancy yourself a little bachelor pad?
so, have you heard from the store?
im going to security.
its really funny if you think about it, dad.
from the day you created trouble for me here.
my dad said i was the luckiest person he knew.
do you know what it feels like to be hit by a 2000pound car?
because that balloon was the closest thing we had to home.
youre making things worse. first time in the can?
im gonna detonate a hydrogen bomb.
i might not know what im doing, but ill figure it out.
a for apple..
the struggle is natures way of strengthening it.
i got a question.
boss, weve got some toxic issues here.
ill carry him!
he had that look.
so, what do you do with them?
they say the seal people have it.
but you dont know his last name.
we travel in pairs.
hey, my card.
you cant even locate this island.
will i be alright, doctor?
so.. she doesnt want to get married?
so.. i want everything.
your love story has come to an end.
do you know whose wife she was?
it can grow to define or destroy you.
dont know, forgot, dont remember, this is what he says.
im coming, doc!
they should be here within the hour.
now we get to go make a phone call.
the girls need to breathe.
i think its dangerous for us to be apart.
... andhesaidhefelt like taking a nap.
tell me who you see. how do you say charles herman in russian?
so we can work this whole mess out. right?
hasnt even spoken to sam.
how dare you!
you were on my fathers payroll, his goto guy in the department.
i dont have any friends apart from you.
do you have a place i could grab a coffee?
sometimes i wish we were living in india.
we can call our gang the unbeatables.
passion fruit seeds.
yeah, theres some right over here.
but after how many years relations with the indigenous are only getting worse.
just be sure you dont let him outside, or the eagles will snatch him.
so stop her.
drop the gun drop the gun!
golf company is overrun.
oh go away and stop day dreaming
now sort it out!
yes, at 345 p.m.
hes a freerange mecha running hot.
would it kill you to give the guy a little space?
you walked in to get a cappuccino and walked out with a date with lana lang.
he moved to chicago over a year ago.
freckles, i got so many answers to that question,
yeah, i got... nothing else to do.
where did you get it?
what are you saying?
why did you come back?
im fine. i just need to rest up for tomorrow night.
so, you do like it, dont you?
yeah, never too late though.
clark, hows whitneys dad?
if they see jack, theyre gonna kill him.
everybody will be at the beach, so dont forget the button.
he creeps me out, ana.
right. which no one is.
maybe i could talk to them. see if theyd be willing to renovate.
this is gonna bring you back to life.
i dont want any young man staring at you...
ls this your band?
this is my brother.
that was your idea.
come on, hurry up.
she hasnt come home yet. whats the problem?
i cant lead anyone.
all your dolls, down in the cellar.
im struggling alone here, wont you help me?
halfway between a cub scout and a boy scout.
we can hear echo of silence.
ill talk to you about it later.
there is twist in the story, boss.
we got to find out who did this to her.
this is our country.
first answer them.  who are they?
she doesnt know what she wants.
i dont know. the pilot was trying to put it down.
damn it. baby, why dont you just...
wish for anything.
so do you have any idea when you expect domino back?
shit. im coming. just hold on.
if i get your troops in, can you handle the guards?
put em up. dont move.
i am sorry.
did you tie this like i told you? cause if youd have tied it like i said, the thing would still be together!
you should go inside.
i thought you were my friend.
there you go!  handmedowns.
youre gonna be okay.
oh, knock yourself out.
what have you done with miles and kate?
i yearn to touch you.
thats a nine millimeter.
baby, what the hell is going on?
i mean, dont you think its just the slightest bit of a coincidence he odd a week after your boyfriends crime?
sergeant sanderson and a small delta team...
are you still looking for that transfer?
you cant be wandering around in the jungle with the hostiles.
i got you something.
go finish your assignment.
all because of you!
do you remember when i sewed you up? when we first got here?
theres more to him than football.
why would we risk such a proposal when our armies could wipe you out by nightfall?
now theyll have one.
i shouldve taken care of her.
whatever it is, gun is better for don range.
maybe he thought of them on the streets or his child growing up not knowing her daddy.
my grandson.. hes black.
okay, people, youve got fifteen minutes.
you know how he killed him?
step aside, mert.
hang on, naomi. wellwell get you back here asap, okay?
o my love, still in home?
maybe you should think about giving me a break.
..to listen to this young boy?
tell your boss, kalpana is displeased.
this is how we are going to be led, how we will know where to go.
what are you saying?
its like a mystery book.
we could get a loan.
ive just got adventure books.
let him go!
you think sean will be jealous?
u had come to change the system!
kate, how did you get to be this way?
well, thats real good to hear, kitt, because i dont want to hear another peep out of you until i can get a call off to devon.
always remember one more thing...
your father hasnt spoken to you..
hed say,  darling, i dont want you getting tired.
if college is like that, how would she be like?
yeah, i guess i do.
been out of the life for years. you know that.
hes getting it now.
you mean touch pub.
just tell us what you did.
sorry. i gotta go up on deck.
why is he shaking?
ill be right out.
it took me away... to the testing place.
who are these people?
and i wound up in here.
what about his mother? is she still around?
thanks.  hey, what are friends for?
why are you walking in the middle? cant you walk little that side?
give that to me.
he locked us both up.
i didnt know this.
the containment field is fluctuating.
you used to be such a good tenant.
what i do with my baby is none of your business.
drivers license, credit cards.
okay. yeah, thanks, adam.
the manager wants a new model. i thought of you.
nick, is there something wrong?
id give anything to be normal.
thats how i feel.
im just trying to understand.
how about we read your little diary?
we know how to take em out, general.
i wonder whats wrong.
i must have the list tomorrow. you get it?
because of you.
you said you came to this island four months ago, yes?
well, mommy never had to face the dinner rush when the orders come flooding in, and every dish is different and none are simple, and all of the different cooking times, but must arrive on the customers table
you wouldnt want to make a scene.
the night we left.
theyre going for the bridge.
its been a week since my last confession.
..is everything for me.
come back and lets talk about this.
you heard her. explosives are in the hold. lets go.
what are you two whispering?
yeah, over here.
so, you beat him up?
because where ever i take up a job..
you rousseau? danielle rousseau?
you cant come tonight.
youve got metropolis written all over you. what brings you to smallville?
you didnt have to take all the responsibility that night...
a genie becomes powerless in such a situation.
please dont do anything like that, please.
youre his doctors! youre supposed to watch him!
come to papa.
standard overthecounter variety. you can get it at any pharmacy.
combine fact with fairy tale.
sandy, we met because of her.
i thought i said all of them.
it was one kiss.
i am open to suggestions.
you dont believe me either.
personally, i dont feel too comfortable working with you.
she thinks hes really sick.
and theres nothing you can?
its coming, man. keep your skirt on.
ive got a question for you, fish.
you men will be the first wave in our counterattack.
..i cant live a moment without priya.
ive taken care of that.
this year we put a 12 on the box.
every time i introduce her to anybody, its sort of bad luck.
on the smallest of things...
no problem, sit down.
its okay. its not as bad as it looks.
they were the carriers.
thats terrific news.
by the way, add a life term to my sentence.
yeah, lots of scrapes today.
i know how much you want it, son, but you cant keep it.
a soap made by people of kadapa, it seems a man sends another man to love his sister.
startup in eastern oregon.
you didnt like the marriage...
hold the babies food like this in hand!
after i got back from nam you know, i cant talk to your mother.
take too much, and youll tell us all your secrets.
just so you know, hanna, i had a chat with seans father,
and we assumed it was you.  why the hell would i do that?
i know that woman...
the other signal, we heard it.
like really, really sick?
pete, we dont know anything yet.
its not tan, its beige!
and this here is my baby.
two bedrooms, two baths.
how about you put naomi on? naomi went to get some firewood.
any of this look familiar from when you were coming back?
youre taking sawyer?
i mean, im nothing.
give the phone back..
sounds like a pisspoor captain.
so i saw your fucking avalanche parked around the corner, so...
so i decided to run away from home.
there he goes.
hurley, hey, if you want to get back,
dynamite is nitroglycerine stabilized by clay.
well, all i can tell you is what it is not.
if i were you, i wouldnt get mixed up with him.
apart from the conversation i had with you about an hour ago in the jungle.
do you want to die?
i need some help in here!
his leg was crushed.
i think maybe you would have started to believe you had the wrong guy.
i have read the list...
as far as the rest of these guys are concerned
do you think they know whats about to happen?
does this hurt?
why you didnt ask me is your business.
hand it to me.
james, dont.  come on, help me.
what do you want to know?
there was a matter i was going to ask you about.
people in shelters would find themselves psychically linked after a bomb hit nearby.
the trees are gonna get us?
we took a pair of crutches from the fuselage when we moved down the beach.
i dont think thats what got you here.
lets get her out of here.
id really thought wed get on!
i am coming in. please open the door.
how many days walk?
they started getting, you know...
return policy, only fourteen days.
hang on, my father told me how he got rich.
ok. take it easy.
cuckoo birds nest cuckoo bird never builds their nest..
well, thanks for the quickie.
come here, come here. sit.
you already know what youre going to do, aro.
and as mad as it made me, turns out he was right.
that means you must know something about him.
dude,youre confusing me!
everyone hold hands.
one long con.
shes expecting us to take her christmas shopping today.
why save me?
who are you?
go ahead, just read whats on that paper.
this is a normal book.
you couldnt wait until i was done in here?
you all right?
and i have no conflict with you.
cant have just anyone who wants one walk in and help themselves.
leave a message.
you like this, right jake?
take up overhead pattern to provide sniper cover. over.
sit him on a buffalo and send him straight to the god of death
waters coming over the side the first little squall.
no, we dont want babysitter.
yes aunty...he just doesnt take care ofhimself.
listen, just wanted to stop by and tell you myself whatever this thing is you got going on i think my guys can handle it without me.
ive got a life.
..such beautiful coincidences to occur frequently.
l still cant believe its him.
the island wont let you come back, trust me.
i just met your friend mason,
if you feel im saying too much,
but before i leave, remember one thing.  whats it?
why do you think they take some of us and not the others?
cop auction. 300 bucks.
its just math.
why me? i dont know.
and suggest concepts to fischers conscious mind.
at three am, am i rushing into this?
neither yours, nor hers.
ive got a call for you.
i have a woman, two sons.
it wont grow in one hour, itll take six months.
well, i just wanted you to be the first to know, so ill see you. bye.
why do we have to go to the boat before the chopper gets back?
do you think he is?
i dont know.
they took him... right out of my hands.
whats this i hear about you taking the morning off?
we gave them the opportunity to leave the island peacefully.
your sister loves seenu but yet you wanted her to marry my son.
but billy miles took her there.
this mirror is the google of the genie world.
no, because i know him and i know he wouldnt hurt anyone.
i think congratulations are in order.
i am your friend.
you will be greatly missed, and never forgotten.
i feel like eating it on seeing.
its fair and accurate.
wonder when hes coming next.
its ok, its not your fault.
everybody get down!
so, that way, if a plane flies over or a satellite takes pictures from up there we wanna make damn sure that they know were here, that they know about us.
now, who would like to go next?
all right. lets go talk to him.
why am i here, man?
i need a girls night out.
we are still friends, arent we?
and then you asked me how we might take advantage of that.
man killed the vicepresidents brother.
see my face?
even im impatient to get married.
if you dont want to go, then find another way to contribute, because every man for himself is not gonna work.
then why did he get her home?
im here, ethan!
can we play doubles?
you dont mind?
no, repair his relationship with his father whilst exposing his godfathers true nature.
of course shes back.
itd be a fresh start, on a new world.
i like mineral water a lot.
though on this particular occasion ultimately incorrect.
no, no, dont.
its in the shed.
well, ill tell you what.
but you really need to see it close up, so come and enjoy the view.
sydney? oh, sure!
help me carry one of those logs, please.
brother, with that i remembered..
were just passing milepost 62. milepost 62, over.
my wife used to say im a hard man to know.
so did they, about half an hour ahead of her.
then i suggest you get started.
i promise i will bring him back to you.
being a little orphan isnt all bad.
be honest, youve never seen him be anything but generous.
i havent the key.
thats all i have? youre ok.
hey shut up... remove pants hey wat are u doing yaar!
right. why eat?
its in my nature to want to help.
we blocked whoever it was, and thats it.
clark, glad i ran into you. i need to talk to you about the sharks game.
environmental liability, track damage, car and locomotive loss. were looking at a projected cost easily over 100 million.
you go back.
lest you forget, we need this.
you fool, how will we recognize her?
you couldnt keep the raft straight!
what the hell are you doing?
oh, no. no.
youre kidding, right?
now, its your turn.
im sure you can understand my reluctance to discuss past patients.
i told you to leave alone...
even madam likes it.
if you could see what were looking at, believe me, burrows is gonna get the message.
aare, because people laugh..so will u suicide?
hes with us. its okay.
the babys where hes supposed to be, and thats not here.
the tiger is in the house.
get me atlantic command.
you dont know?
you came late, jenny.
today too when i remember those moments.
jesus, are you listening?
he sure does.
theres something kind of important
got two tickets to our town at the metropolis playhouse.
you will please stay here until i return.
though you and priya have broken up.
did you get a response from the dmv?
hugo said whoever did this will come back.
you were very kind to me once.
a searing loneliness, a pacing heart, and not a moments peace... make up a wonderful story of mine
you are a man of will, dorian.
i cant wait to start bouncing checks.
leaving you alive was a mistake.
you made it back.
then i need you to unblock them.
well, now were definitely going to seattle.
you may complete your assignments at your whim.
act your age!
youre in trouble.
place him in my charge as we agreed or you will pay for your deceit
i cant, not without taking her out!
one of them, his name is boone carlyle, suffered tremendous internal injuries and died a few days after the crash.
i know what well do.
my wife died eight months ago wednesday.
i can see the head! i can see the head!  one more time!
why are you hiding?
i talked to chloe. shes pretty upset.
he even lost my favorite necklace.
i think i get the idea.
look at my face!
i guess youre right.
sure you can afford being seen with the town pariah?
who is that?
well... then why did you stay?
not now, tomorrow.
i didnt do it for him.
now, lets see what youve messed up since ive been gone.
clark, i told you id handle it.
it got real hairy, real fast.
guess who. for you.
ill call an ambulance.
where are you?
the girl is pregnant. very pregnant.
i have my suspicions.
i thought you couldnt protect me here.
yes, correct. even i saw it.
ive had polyps removed smarter than the two of you!
the password for the house?
plus your expenses.
by making it look like hefty hanna wanted alison dead so i could replace her?
think you could pick up the trail?
dont change the subject.
why do you think i tried to kill him?
i dont know, these readings dont make any sense.
its so beautiful. i dont know why more people dont come out here.
although i do admire her passion, her reporting lacks accuracy.
wait for me. hold on.
its gonna be late.
ethan here has some experience.
you must perform too.
get... impossible to put on!
maybe i could track something down for you. do you know who gave this speech?
yes. where are you?
professor stills and frank are excellent choices.
i find that polishing my interactions in order to make them sociable requires a tremendous effort.
folks around this joint love surprise inspections.
no, im not playing with it.
she didnt cover for anyone.
why would he stage a
they prey on the weakest towns and villages.
i wanna do a cannonball.
with dynamite from the old ship in the jungle!
whats he doing?
the zebra first, then the crocodile.
hed been sober for over a month!
is that why you shot an unarmed man in the chest?
you remember a plane?
itll lower your heart rate too far.
both of you put both of your guns down or im gonna blow both of your frickin heads off.
please show some pity...
where are the pliers?
theyre stopping here.
and if the news does, everyone does.
why are you going after five days?
he was cool, you know.
jesus christ, dude...
it is a little on the early side, yeah.
close the bridge.
you mean inin?
dont write your messages on the leaves.
im so proud of you, my boy.
why, doctor, youve been holding out on us.
youve become very dare.
why would i be?
all right, check it out.
shoot it again!
im so glad you came.
you gotta think.
even if i believed you, which i dont, hes in a wheelchair.
youre a man who values loyalty.
well, you do realize those dudes get wiped out, right?
your wife is with someone else on your honeymoon.
youre worried what other people think?
not without locke.
thanks for the photo op.
welcome home, sam.
well, can you blame em?
so i played them, and i won 114 million.
i think youre afraid of happiness.
hes all yours. come on up.
a noshow at your own party. that would keep the town talking.
man cant just vanish, deputy.
are they not getting through?
guess thats why el jacko and ana lulu didnt ask me to join their revolution.
cash in their iras.
are they torturing you, teddy?
they cant get that from you.
paul has a clear stance on issues you have yet to articulate.
as you know, i conducted a raid on the great library,
i want my kidney back!
you see this?
hariya or i would only need to serve six years foryou
whats weird is that it did not hit until i picked out her burial dress.
not if you designed the place, it isnt.
if it wasnt your intention to return, then why did you?
because the phone call came from washington, dc.
you mean all hogtied, bound and gagged...
someday back u get little of paneer in goldsmiths shop want paneer?
ali, did you download the new beyonc? ? not yet.
hey hey, fuck you, no.
do you really wanna shoot me?
u keep ur job, ill keep my attitude im sorry..dont mind sir!
miguel, what about dad?
how about aunt ruth?
the laughter will return... that smile will return.
this must be maggie.
how you feeling?  better.
or how about a thai foot massage?
i cannot believe ive lived to see your return.
youre very kind.
thats what im talking about.
why did you stop him?
look, youre supposed to be winning the hearts and the minds of the natives, isnt that the whole point of your little puppet show?
all you have to do is you have to figure out a way to condition them so that you dont get these random flashes.
its not me that doesnt get back to my family, is it?
im trying to understand.
i wanna come back here.
dont really see a lot of folks.
..there is just one way to win jasmine over.
do you really think i had something to do with that missing tape?
hey, guys. i called the sheriffs office because i wanted them to hear this too.
i saw a vision of you.
dont go anywhere.
what do you mean a little girl?
his neck. around his neck.
this is the third time.
but her? shes a fugitive.
so i flew him up here.
on my honor, or may i be chopped up and made into soup.
what does that mean?
but i think theyre in the same place as my boy.
like when i invented the word terrifical.
so if you think theres anything waiting for you other than handcuffs, then you really dont know how the world works.
when i was tired of waiting for you like a lover..
i wouldnt mind going back for a while.
i didnt touch him, man.
ifyou want to be someone in life ifyou want to achieve something... ifyou want to wln always listen to your heart.
chloe, are you okay?
our rides on the roof.
i saw a light turned on. what are the two of you doing in here?
let me ask you something.
hurley, are you okay?
no boar, no protein. you can eat fish. jins been catching a lot of em.
im well aware of whats involved, believe me.
you must give us the time to get to that day.
he dropped out.
all due respect, jack, but since when do i report to you?
dearest david, your wish is my command.
you have to be patient.
trevor, we got get you to a hospital.
why is it so important to dream?
whatever it is, its sweet.
the only information i got from the kents was the earthshattering admission that clark hates peas.
man made us better at what we do than was ever humanly possible.
you wont go near the kids without her permission...
i cant but im closing the book and putting it behind me.
i mean, think about it.
thats my wife.
i gotta get back into that plant, or im gonna die.
youll thank me later.
is it getting worse?
and trust me, when they do, we had better be far away from here.
seans getting heat where he can take it.
there is some size starting to build....
somebody left a note in my locker. from a?
were almost there.
limo is a word in common usage.
i think we all think that shes gonna hurt you.
how do you know?
i just want...
just a little over five weeks.
theres no rush.
he will again.
sir you only told if they get job, remove your moustache..... hanh,.... what have you done?
its just like the shooting range!
daniel... do you know what destiny means?
i hope santa claus gets me one of these for christmas.
not ones that will risk killing you.  you wont.
i got something for you.
i swear, the stuff he pulled....
so, you take care of it. you look after it.
its about them.
open it, for gods sake!
most interesting garbage i ever...
then what are you worried about?
as opposed to hundreds of years later... when youre younger.
little present, sweetheart.
they are bringing us in.
actually, i admire it.
makin me sit on the shoulders..kapoor sir din take me around the zoo!
sick of, sick of, sick of love
maybe i should have died.
the two of us can take him. how about it, clark?
but to say that theyve been riding around in flying saucers is crazy!
millions of years of evolution, right?
it was so radical.  and together...  you built the grid.
i trust him...of course i do.
till ten youre my sisters body guard. go!
ices directors name was dr.viru shastrabhuddi but every one calls him virus all called him computer virus!
i think youre gonna win.
then i hid from everyone and secretly through that book tried to get powers.
wherever you want.
he couldnt come.
have you ever considered that these dreams mean something?
thats good. guess ill have to call off those guys i hired to shank you.
why would they help us?
i was worried about how to tell you..
might as well put on some music.
youre the first person ive seen out here all morning.
not as dumb as i thought.
go get ready for the mission!
but thai foot massage?
whats inside it?
to the land without end
well be here with you the whole way...
the mans nuts. well, i hope so.
a nuclear submarine in the moskva river.
the kids chose this outfit for you...
if we increase productivity and marketing while our competitors retreat when the sector bounces back, well corner the market.
goddamn it, charles!
you terrified that poor boy tonight.
once she opens it, youll win her heart.
yes, john, and i believe the work you have been doing is more important now than ever.
turk, why are you doing this?
at this age he should be having wavy dense hair..
how far is the church, tony?
not 1230, not 1215.
shes not the president of the world.
you cant enjoy.
hes gone to seek out someone in the northern water tribe, where they have lived beyond our reach and openly practice waterbending.
no, she said no thanks, theres a difference.
have you ever been in love before?
can i get a cheeseburger, please?
oh, well, ill just stop bleeding then.
even flynns most ardent supporters are now acknowledging a difficult truth.
priya, you here...?
yeah, well, get used to it.
do you think this is gonna hold?
you always do whatever he does.
thats why i came here.
cheer up now.
show me the way out, please, god.
arnzt is fine.
you do have a heart.
youre always drunk and fighting...
im going to need a dozen tiny robots disguised as cookies!
sorry, dude, but youre a duffer like me. make it 10 and youre on.
because youre about to ruin everything.
the thing is, i havent been feeling so great.
whats going on, dad?
howd you do that?
im not trying to release them.
so what, priya.
whered you get them, anyway?
i can be around lana without her necklace making me feel sick.
now i know why.
and were due at the burdons.
i look him in the eye and say, shes my wife, you find a new friend.
i dont think so.
that they have some sort of cloaking device.
you have to listen to me.
you can do it, kid.  we gotta be quick. once you get in, swim to the bottom of the chamber...
..it never becomes a home until you have a family.
and if i can do the same thing, i believe i can save us.
if anybodys thinking about getting cute, trying to trunk one of these tools out of here,
..so let me do it today.
stick on, private.
you just wanna be somebody else.
show your mother my soap ad.
its aint that hot.
well... you can... have this.
then shrek kissed the princess.
our wing has been breached.
worse than the idea of losing maricruz?
thats what people have. you wanna go to counseling?
for backing me up at the sub.
that is quite a story.
what, do you think im stupid?
hey, you know how it is.
what do you mean, a dream within a dream?
where are you from, nathan?
you made me eat stinking food in jail for 6 months.
hey, im tripping.
if it does then, were a wreck on a wreck.
i called it!
magnetometer is picking up a hell of a lot of anolies down here.
sun!  no, were not leaving him!
ive got a plan.
well, i only made out with him because torturing him didnt work.
horst has done time.
well... given that terrence steadman is the vice presidents brother, thats not too hard to believe.
weve got to get her out of there.
im fine. you sure?
the real problem is, theres no way we can be sure hes telling the truth.
i hope nobody i know sees us out here.
he fell into a ditch.
thats right. you know him.
folks, well make sure we do everything we can..
ill pluck them out of the sky for you..
believe me, i want to.
whats our speed?
were streaming live to over 20 million viewers.
start with why a woman jumped over the side and you did nothing.
its our pleasure. hes welcome to stay longer.
im on it!
actually, sir, im the head salesman of this department store.
i showed him his sister only.
the russian navy.
all i picked up was wolf stench. no bella.
youll know. youll know who you are, miles...
sticks or bullets wont touch us any more
just tell that captain to come by ljjazs shop.
youre not my friend!
so leave me and go.
whats the difference if hes here or the other one?
i got in good with this russian.
death from above.
reserve judgment for five minutes.
how bad does it feel?
and uncle tommy.
lts bleeding so much!
youve been scratching yourself again.
and now, whats your real plan?
you shut up.
i repeat, it is not a coaster, over. youre telling me its under power? get in the goddamn siding.
it looks glamorous and fun, but the kids grow up too fast and they can get into trouble.
yes, id heard of this place.
it will be fun. mrs. v, i just dont know..  mom, come on.
cops caught him sneaking tv sets out the back door of a jc penney.
no, dad. im not.
can you tell me what you were doing in the woods last night?
if you touch my ass one more time,
thinks hes our father or something. thats how he justifies it, anyway.
you said they went this way.
itll be ok.
two years ago...
are you kidding?
you have no idea.
for whoever could bring you in.
as sad as it is, her path led here.
my father? really?
if he refuses, he will lose his powers and turn into a human being..
i had a team go over this thing inch by inch.
i wonder if ive been changed in the night.
and he asked me, what changed?
let him go.
and what are you doing out here?
tell me, lex, would you say my chances are aboveaverage or below?
well, you know what they say about hope.
victor, you were right. i have been undefined.
maybe ill ask her for some stock tips.
but when will you return?
yeah, i saw. onto a boat, which means hes not in shouting distance!
she was murdered.
then we roll up in force on hawlwadig...
lm willing to express that.
why doesnt he have faith in the british empire?
hes the one whos trying to take aaron.
i cant go back out there.
you have a great sense ofhumour. and you are cute too.
give me your hand. careful.
victims families say that theyre left without any sense of closure.
friendship, right? your birthday is on november 6, right?
you know what to do.
anyway, can we proceed with this adoption?
charu, aunt is calling you.
like... fonzie times?
youd better be sick or dead in there.
it might be in his computer bag in the car.
he left detailed instructions on how to remove the plutonium core...
that isnt war!
it buzzes every 15 minutes.
i think its a good idea.
would you keep your voice down, please?
im saying, im sick of being treated like a secondclass citizen around here because mount baldy can bag a boar.
the night i got sucked out of my plane,
i try to treat you with respect.
his body was found in the woods after escaping the hospital.
these earrings were my moms...
not that im planning to, but if i ran, you think id have a shot?
especially when lucian had the key to williams cell
i had a feeling youd be here!
all right,ladies and gentlemen,you know why youre here.
theyre getting a divorce.  rachel...
bring up beech siding to arklow.
now what the hell is going on out here?
in a months time, ill be dead.
if you love him, call him off.
secret? you want the truth?
we are jennys friend.
which one of you gentlemen is gonna sign for this?
hi, guys, whats up?
so these are the safe caves youve been going on about.
new car, huh? you despise me for it.
no room at the inn!
i left it a long time ago.
manor house needs five runs in one ball... will rohan do it?
see, lex is the only one who ever treated me like i was there.
words is theres someone in here who knows where fibonacci is and youre not doing anything about it.
cause we need you to save his life.
...you is close to our heart.
maybe i could help you with that.
i like boxing and fishing and cars. i like sports!
that would be easier.
its fine, all right. its all right.
the only thing that does keep us out, horace, is our truce.
vincent, is that you?
do onething, have drinks and take rest.
terrence, come on, lets go.
when you went in that room there was nothing inside.
prem, tony might follow us.
you said you wanted to talk. talk.
i cant really tell you any details.
while were in your bedroom, emily,
ive never been to the ballet.
suddenly because of some emergency.. ..they left the flat last night.
to give recognition to the beauty, honesty, and unselfish ways of andrew and margarets true love in front of family and friends.
she has no attachments...
theres always a solution.
he wanted a new piece on the board to change the game!
oh, look whos decided to grace us with her presence.
chicken or shrimp?
but nothing as extreme as what you were talking about.
dude, what do you want from me?
they wont attack us again?
whered the poster of marky mark go?
but what if somebody did rob the bank before they got there?
brother, tell him.
ill tell you what were gonna do... were gonna get him out of here.
if we dont stop it now, itll burn right through the camp.
im not in love with sanjay singhania.
but mama say people become stars when they die...
i dont know to dance.
whats going on?
may you rule my thoughts too.
40 meters outside this door, theres a supply truck that will be leaving shortly.
oh, its a whale of a tale
i just need to talk to her.
right now, just a piece of history.
anjali, pick up the phone!
then he could bring it back once hes bought up all the land.
i promise it wont hurt, chloe.
you remember me?
you coming out of the entomology closet?
for as long as it hangs there, we got hope.
you have to pay the difference!
i just wanted to prove what im and ive done it.
i refuse to be sucked into his little game of...
perhaps i can help you with that.
im sorry, lana, but its kind of a big deal.
hello, chloe, nice to see you too. whats up?
that why you need me to build your dreams?
i dont know, clark. red always looks good on you.
i just assumed that your parents would have told you.
why dont you know?
ill see you tonight.
its nothing to be ashamed of.
its comin out of your share, asshole.
he might do all right.
steal all you want.
shes hurt pretty badly.
chloe, do you remember anything?
what do you mean he is gone?
if i dont get divya tomorrow, i wont get her ever.
start throwing people 30 feet and ill write nice things about you too.
god damn this fucking car!
right before it crapped gold.
my 1.5lakh worth sherwani!
my name is sanjay.
and why is he up?
youll get 10 and reddy will get 90.
its a present for you.
maybe even better.
and by evening, the whole mess had been shoveled away... with the fish guts into the river.
just now i saw another one.
unable to bear it, my uncle fell sick.
start attacking our body...
out there, what happened?
everybody say, namaste!
..that we have understood..
ok, guys! enough!
i just dont want you to make the same mistake i did.
i bond relations i dont break it, thats my law.
outside, hes nothing.
why did you kill me?
student loans are killing me.
hold this. phone ringing this is sheriff forester.
i woke up. washed up.
i did everything i could to make it work.
yes, nothing. let me see it.
its too hard to sit in this room every day and call you mr. fitz.
high king peter.
what happened with young will, warden?
why is it necessary?
however the college has strict guidelines in terms of..
well, then its a good thing i brought some backup.
veer, theres a royal coach here as well.
what is that supposed to mean?
they werent meant for us.
and so on, exactly so.
get in. i have to fill up if were going to metropolis.
sir, suppose any student gets a job and..... he fails in the finals by 12 marks..
you know what that is?
use the satellite phone to call my wife.
the prodigal roommate arrives.
i asked the whole sodding camp.
well, if lincolns telling the truth, then that tape is lying.
if you really love him, then why are you shy?
this was your chance to be on top again.
you always gotta talk them into it.
the marketing presentation is postlunch.
what the fuck are you doing?
what in the animal kingdom was that?
taking her for a ride didnt help.
they bought a ticket.
well, good luck, brother.
and the signature was a spoton match.
i gotta get to practice.
youve gone mad.
you tell the truth, youre off the hook, and she is going to go back to canada.
whats going on?
whats going on here?
people wish to become doctor or actor, why did you choose don?
i live there, so...
lets go, exchange the bag.
she was terrified.
i mean, im nikolai.
how much further to their camp?
a girl. kalpana.
this idea, all of this, what we did, what made...
its best you dont know.  youre gonna kill him?
shannon. her inhalers.
he glanced at me as he walked past.
how much did you steal?  40!
were in malibu part of the year, but the guys there are such idiots...
you havent given me any reason to change my mind.
be brave, ragini
i dont even know why im here. im sorry.
he aint afraid of nobody.
true loves kiss.
i followed a heading to fiji.
the drop off?
boys cant go into girls hostel at night.
crossed ahead of them.
what did he use to open?
no, its the truth.
firkytoodling at last, i see.
give me a count!
well, well, ladies.
you, and your morals and principles.
were not causing enough damage.
how can that be?
all i need is five minutes.
with this information, we could bring down the northern water tribe city, we could show the world the true strength of fire.
did they harm you?  no.
offer it to him as well?
so did the greeks.
look, the sooner i get there, the sooner the boat is ready to go.
just in case.
youre supposed to be preparing the gusteau recipe.
i mean... it was very strange...
you know? like, your depression thing, i get it.
is he alive?
thatll teach that motherfucker!
ive been studying your equilibrium that you wrote here at princeton.
down with teac...
every cop is in line.
whats your greatest fear?
well, heres the good news, baby.
theyre my sons.
what does that say about you agreeing?
supercool stuff you wouldnt understand.
tell him im flying out on benjamins orders.
but i will sleep in my shorts.
hes 70 years old, and the closest thing that hes had to a vacation is when they put a pacemaker in him four years ago.
it looks like were not the only things being hunted.
we got company.  its about time, mate.
now lets get you two some seats in owners row, huh?
where are we going?
immy. stop discussing this nonsense.
i hid it there.
no, my icecream.
breakfast? we found a tree.
ive met you.
i dont know.
im sorry. it doesnt matter anymore.
is that you?
ramona, those people dont know who i am, really.
its so good to see you.
so hows political life treating you?
then you need to tell me why i have to.
im a career woman, maya...
do youve any problem?
go ahead, do it!
and you have no idea what ive gone through to be here.
... thati waspreparedtodothat.
i see what this is. you havent dropped out at all.
soandso never called me back.
we need to catch the next flight to d.c.
did you get a look at him at all?
ive cracked it, he kept saying.
theyre never gonna leave hometree.
dont write your messages on the leaves.
but what does it amount to?
weve been informed that you obtained a copy of the surveillance tape entered as evidence in the lincoln burrows trial.
good work today, phillip.
im just a little hungry.
your future wife, is still your wife, but my sister.
this a is for arun.
what you saw could be combining experiences from before the crash
all i got to say is i better get to make all the calls i want.
that phone call was textbook scare tactics.
how is that good news?
you are powerful and amazing people!
creature screeching  wallace screaming
remember the song?
how the hell are you gonna keep this thing under control?
but now that weve grown up, they want a serious answer.
its not funny.
are you happy with me?
its our soap.
why dont you tell me whats in the box?
youre in my light, sticks.
who knows what side youre on.
its bad enough you killed a guard.
subtitle made by leapinlar and rogard
congratulations. you deserve it.
youre lucky to be alive.
do you know what were up against?
she was a woman of few words and im gonna follow her example.
never heard of the guy.
his tiny footsteps made a place in all our hearts.
its okay, pen. weve got a doctor.
shot brendan leahey by the cemetery behind mishawum when he was 18.
im afraid im not as easy to buy off as my colleagues.
tell me about it!
he got shot when they took my kid.
no ones answering from the control room.
this is the only place i knew of that had a radio.
and she will.
inmates in cell block have compromised lockdown and breached awing through the guard station.
what? hes just driving me around.
though its your area, those goons are from my area.
a little money, and you all lose your mind?
lm not holding out.
he has another one. he had taken two photos.
well, now that there is a pipe. its got to be connected to something.
youre both impertinent and insolent!
whats going on down there?
with no air brakes?
im picking up a microwave for my mom.
youre a girl...
let me help you unpack, granddad.
you delegated authority over gen pop to me, boss.
pretty sneaky, leonard.
we stole the statue of liberty, the small one from las vegas.
okay, ramona, lets hear it.
you new, seth?
ive only done what i needed to do to survive.
can you bring me that book?
look over there, on the left side. watch the plants at the back.
no, you were in charge, horace.
you must be very happy now.
she keeps asking me about this, she keeps asking about you, about the whole thing.
its already cost me my job, my marriage, my baby.
yeah, and it didnt work.
i do boss, ill take care.
so how does it feel to be on top of the world?
arguing with the lady, and...
i needed you.
theyre both empty.  what is going on here?
what my son is supposed to do?
can i ask you something?
im not feeling my age.
it went this way.
man, lifes looking pretty good from right here.
i felt it, humid air, gushing water sound in a distance.
exactly. thats what i thought.
youve done it before.
ive got 26 minutes till the cutoff, which is exactly how much time youve got to find a computer to get me my money.
maybe thats put some... some crazy ideas into your head.
who the hell took my tortellini?
he would be wearing seven different colours.
i took english lessons in korea.
now, why would you go and do a thing like that?
get me security now!
it is also completely fuelefficient... and is operated entirely by microprocessors... which make it virtually impossible for it to be involved in any kind of mishap or collision.
so we lie?
you made me nervous.
i ran into him in the morning and he said you guys were having some trouble.
not gonna have a problem, are we?
why should i listen to your lies?
now those are cookie robots!
we tell the others were running low, we can ration it.
we cant do that.
all right, no tricks.
..that it stops you from achieving your goal.
dont you wanna know?
yes. thank you so much for sending him.
ben said if my husband is on the island, the best place to start looking for him is here.
team three will be handling fish. team four, roasted items.
buy a ticket, and well meet you there.
spencer hanna, they found her body.
so id like you to get on the elevator, john, and go back up. richard and my people will wait two miles east of the orchid.  waiting for me?
essam, just go.
you speak english.
do you understand? nobody calls me noor, sayid.
well, um... it means the storage company was bought by a bigger one... and a lot of people were let go, including dad.
daddys gonna get better.
how should we know?
its your parents house.
carlisle found me. he smelled all the blood.
claire no ones punishing us.
you might want to dial back on that spontaneous combustion skepticism.
get some water!
take his luggage...
we wont be gone long.
yyou mean rousseau? the french woman?
there was a subway map at the russians.
touch me again, ill break your fuckin fingers.
i didnt want to disturb you..
because the people that are coming wont risk hurting me.
and find his sister.
i dont know if thats a good idea.
got some good news for you.
i was sleeping and i heard gunshots.
and what did she say?
im a virgin.  okay!
he had a gun on you.
well, he promised it was completely over with her.
you have been here long enough to know that im less interested in punishment than i am in rehabilitation.
it had its moments.
her body just disappeared.
youre not coming.
now, wait a minute!
neither do executive vice presidents.
i got two.
if there are any of you who dont read newspapers or the internet or watch television... how you met the defendant?
trust me, there are cases you lose sleep over, but this isnt one of em.
you should know hes not alone.
i thought this worthless is living off him.
hell throw away!
..they just stand anywhere.
all right, listen up!
so is it, uh, true what they say about this place?
i think im getting a little something there.
but this island...
..anyway what will you do by living on!
about 500 kms?
you love him.
dont thank me. thank miss lang.
well, you didnt have a boyfriend 10 years ago.
the truth is...
burn! burn to ashes
what if your math is wrong?
the door to the visitation room, did you ever use it?
we have everything under control, governor.
ive been in the kitchen for eight months.
mother, sister is very worried.
whoops. that wouldve been a nasty fall. gill!
ok, i tell you what, i will handle the blankets, you just track down rose and bernard.
you love me and i too love you very much.
no one wants it to go off.
your soup is excellent.
so, my man said, what? !
dont take me for a child
look at your moves, lex. theyre rash, no thought to their consequences.
ill pull over.
i wont spare him.
dont they wanna know why?
we know these mountains.
i need a minute.
hes not. we were the bait.
no more flash.
you still havent answered my question.
captain, this is not a drill. you hold that line, you understand me?
of course not.
choose to be here.
nopety nopety no.
u fear also and die also... ae..i dont fear!
you know, the one who lost his memory.
come in seenu.
i dont even know what those things do.
wait, you have these gifts, but you hid in the woods.
i think its time we found out whats going on.
we gotta get every ounce of extra weight off this chopper now!
he put a shotgun in his mouth when i was asleep.
sol and bender are extraordinary mathematicians.
johnsons still deciding.
neytiri, you must go now.
why did you do this to me?
youre reporting to lt. beales.
wait. let me see.
went through one of your competitors.
dont you call me that.
i dont think any rental agent in sydney would lease your father a car in his condition.
my brother and the princess became friends right away.
oh, this ones big.
go and gargle right now!
im not gonna eat you.
im going to see adoptive services tomorrow.
please mom. mom im getting late. chill out mom.
d, d, d...
checking how your pupils respond to changing stimuli.
but i want this book.
he said it wasnt made of anything.
but sir, boss said..
you need to find a way to say goodbye.
so it looks like im gonna be your nurse.
prepare to roll out.
then ive to use your sister for few days.
theres more survivors.
she who welcomed forever.
i shouldnt have to.
not a good position you find yourself in, is it?
were going home, now!  but why?
im so heavy in your arms
you ever wonder what youd be like?
for your protection when we travel.
i cant believe you said that.
have you changed your mind?
how dare u open this..i got this from san francisco its handmade biscuit..
whoa! it says here youre a welder.
his paroles come through.
yes,we do,your honor.
years i got.
where you gonna go?
do we have to?
can i come in?
i know them.
nice work, charlie.
what if we hurt them?
hes at white castle.
watch how grenouille does it.
prosperity and peace filled our days.
that was different between you and him.
was his father stationed here?
... butforwomen,itisjustabout security and commitment...
it started with yelling when i walked by and then it got really aggressive and...
hes twice your age, emily.
well, he just, uh... did.
thats what principal kwan said.
i dont like it. it smells like a setup.
yeah, whats up?
did you ever think about how we walk on the same paws that we handle food with?
our expansion plans for moscow...
what do you say, rose?  why dont we take off a few layers?
ok, im gonna need some water.
if he has this power, hed use it to sell these sculptures.
it makes all the difference.
no need, inspector.
he can sleep through anything.
desmond managed by himself.
are you here to give me a raise?
boring job. sam hated it.
i said all of you.
there are worse things.
since when do you care?
have they gotten very far?
i think i was just out in the sun too long.
i didnt do anything.
take me to naomi!
honestly, i dont know.
you couldnt get away.
your dad thinks youre a shooin for homecoming queen.
we just left him there.
strike the surface as hard as you can.
and the college has selected nandinis group.
how many leonards are here?
now, you got your shovel, pickaxe, benadryl, loofah, assorted snacks, some puzzle books and youre gonna need a permit.
on gods green earth, this flower was the thief in the temple.
developed by icelander snorri sturluson
she found a nice boy.
im afraid already.
theyre waiting on me.
this is the laughing gas.
if you allow me, mademoiselle.
you want me to feel the pain you felt when i killed james, when i tore him to pieces,
and what would that type be?
the head of our software design team, a man whose fathers own notable history with encom helped make this company what it is today.
unfortunately sir. well need a little more to go on.
3b, got it.
youre not getting into that house.
you must have thought it was possible.
lafleur asked me where my keys were.
she saw it.
im an amphibian.
how can i describe it?
for our safety, for everyones safety, we need to see your ids.
yes, thats right!
if he hadnt mentioned it to you, none of this wouldve happened.
theres no way she could have built this all by herself.
but girls can.
yeah. i can hear bells ringing.
he hurt himself, huh?
listen, buddy, i know you saw somebody in that store that made you run away and go on a highspeed
so... how about that pi card?
im exporting up there all the scrap from here.
he asked one and half, he has sent three.
i told you that some day, youd have to take responsibility for your actions.
weve got a man down! over.
and because shes gone.
take out the vehicle fast!
i know i didnt wake you.
this really means that much to you?
michael,you have turned the wrong way. right,not left.
are they still alive?
sailing 3,000 miles to another island.
its captain sanders and chaplain davis.
everybody back to the beach!
from delhi to bombay, he talked nonstop.
quite a lot of time off.
there is excellence all around you.
ive been asking for 10 days, hes saying no, sir.
if he has my book, he has my luggage.
have food?  no sister.
with the button that you gotta push every 108 minutes or the world ends.
the management was unfair to him.
this is three months rent.
you little shit.
what do you see?
that even after you came back to reality that youd continue to believe your world wasnt real.
hang in there.
i have tried coupons, price cuts, even ads in the ledger so far nothings worked.
i dont know where i am, and i dont know when ill find food again.
make you feel like a new man, swear to god.
both of you.
no, nothing, nothing.
hes chasing after that hawk!
all right, we have joe.
so she could tell him that she loves him, too.
why dont we play a guessing game?
ive seen monsters.
when all is said and done, were all weve got.
why are you doing this?
we can tell.
please, shes my daughter.
like a ferocious, hungry  stop!
thas cool. you can go bungee jumping.
may we approach the bench,your honor?
and this babys made of chocolate lollipops, so excuse us,
yes... go ahead... apologise.
i never appreciated how much she meant to me until now.
that rat faced girl?
everyone has got their cupcake?
white on the outside, black as tar on the inside.
swim to the beach! get out of water!
next sidings not for 10 miles.
the subs about to leave.
..because i rubbed you?
if you lie, the needle will point towards red.
that shows which direction theyre going.
it attacked me.
as i recall, i blew it.
but since jack cant get out, one of us is gonna have to go in and unpin him.
miss those southern women.
are you kidding?
how does he know everything?
are you finished! jailbirds!
the footprints remain,
get some rope.
how do you like your sister?
stop joking, jatin.
we can never know what would have happened, lucy.
ill go join the fight!
i dont know, man! i just met her.
just a weight on our shoulder.
... spook lanas horse and attack her.  i didnt see that.
anyone can hit a ball. thats not golf.
be my guest, but i dont think itd do you any good.
but do you really believe that im to blame?
and what happens if they do become hostile?
warm, fluffy towels.
this isnt gonna hold much longer.
i just cant help thinking this is about...
so let the world say no man has burned like beera
what weve just witnessed, what weve read in your field reports, the scientific basis and credibility just seem wholly unsupportable.
better hurry up.
here i come!
you see, thats the glitch.
how can you be so sure?
well do the rest of kitts repairs on the plane.
do you want to tell me why you havent returned any of my phone calls?
but its like its... following me.
thank you very much.
i am here. youre being a baby.
clark, its not your fault.
doing the best we can.
can you believe that?
... andi knowyougavehim great comfort these last months.
reliving old memories.
i was on this run going pretty fast. i was racing this cute ski patrol guy.
mind if i join you?
oh, come on, brother.
jake, im right here.
precomputer. when disco ruled the earth.
you see, this is not a meversusyou thing any more.
walk across the island, follow the beaches.
i feel so happy that you have come. greetings for ld.
they can move.
im going to give you ten minutes to get away before i call them.
its not good.
a cavern system?
you made a mistake?
this is like an easter egg hunt.
i wasnt turning any heads or nothing, but i did drop a couple of belt sizes.
rutherford is her fathers name.
i guess i do.
hes one of us!
no one knows her by that name. call her what she is called by everyone...
itll be our eighth display site on this road.
are you willing to do that?
who am i to ask?
we will be updating you with the departure time of flight 1019 with service to miami...
try to understand what my eyes try to convey.
michael,security has discovered the loop
priya. shes my fiance.
the woman lying dead in the morgue...
flying drugs under the cover of the church?
and shes a professional.
put me down. let me go. dad!
because hopefully, the man who lives in the cabin can tell us what to do about the people who are trying to kill us.
and, baby, a big house as well?
i believed in users once before.
but i am pretty sure of what the answers gonna be
lets start with you.
everybody hold on!
why are you putting off?
thanks for the truck. clark?
this was just your training ground. well, your training is over!
anu, go to sleep.
i thought he said it was looking good.
because if a man has faith..
except stinkin dolphins. dolphins.
we got guys on 8th street, 3rd street, then the alley.
no...no... ls he my son or the other boy who looks like him?
the most dangerous fighter is big bill, with a death count of 19, followed by 14k,
reporting for duty.
its not here.
not your husband?
id like to, uh, talk about john wilkes booth for a moment if i could, abraham lincolns killer.
hes not of my range.  will you beat him?
i was looking for aspirin.
any closer, buddy...
youre confusing me. ill kill you.
why have you denied any family or loved ones to be there for you in the end?
get your eyes on the road.
i havent seen an offense that good since i played.
not yet, but i plan on it.
you look like you already paid your price.
its getting worse.
i saw you throw 300 yards against topeka last year. that was a great game.
see you in the funny pages.
i want nothing else.
i lost, in two weeks, a lot of hair.
all right, tell carey and head back up.
i dont know whas happening.
dont give me the aw, golly eyes.
only because thats what you always push me to do.
destiny, fate, its just your imagination.
why dont you understand, jenny?
how the hell did he...?
now, where do i sign?
where have you been?
some people dream of making it out.
whered they come from?
is it possible there are any other survivors from the crash
you see me?
you should get back in or hell make you scrub johns all week.
where were you all these days?
ill call you tomorrow. i promise.
true love didnt get me out of that tower.
... irealizedhe wasgone...
walt do you wanna know a secret?
so, what, he lives here now?
i guess i understand why thas the only part you remember.
if she didnt love him, she wouldnt have left.
that idiot shouted out, meet at the creek.
all the money and all the resources of the knight foundation.
if i go outside... one step,
my sons marriage is fixed with your sister. on the same date.
lex is definitely one of a kind.
weve got sprinkler pipes down there.
uh, my names desmond hume. im looking for theresa spencer.
i just gave him my number to get rid of him. get pete. the taxis leaving.
too many of em!
im never gonna see you.
all of you are waiting here for the past one hour, right
its all right, its all right.
whats going on?
i want you to bring it back to me with no questions asked.
its the house. this is a mistake.
its nice to meet you sir.
but my brother must permit.  then, ask your brother.
what do you think?
give me the keys!
yeah, dont tell me.
floyd hey, dont let me burn!  pounding
it just means a yuppie.
slow down, you look like youre about to keel over.
take me away oh darling take me away
these are good people. they whyd naomi use the damn code?
im thinking of something dark and mysterious.
you built all this?
i cant marry him at the moment because hes married.
that makes him like a pussy.
so when do i meet him?
reese. just talk to me man.
it was weird. i actually saw it in my mind like it was real.
you know i cant do that.
good, because its as close as youll ever get to her.
they know, mulder.
we can go sir.
youll hit us
pull her out
were any of those ray soamess classmates? yes.
all right, crank her up.
what the fuck you talking about?
he gave a detailed description.
you werent there for the dramatic arrival at the funeral.
they wont hurt me.
what is going on, dan?
thats very thoughtful of you, charlie.
today..we all students are here..
come on, dont be shy. come on.
im letting you know, were going to run this bitch down.
this substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
finally the voice says
i know, its confusing.
and with the profits youll reap from their patents, youll buy luthorcorp outright.
yes, i mean locke.
he wasnt afraid to come last or greedy to come first!
anjali your cornflakes!
you were out there a while before i found you.
the man likes to play chess.
look , i made one for you, and one for me
i was never that good at bedside manner, anyway.
so you trust him?
so i understand that lex luthor has a stake in this project.
as much as they believe in theirs.
yeah? well, i dont have time to talk.
maybe you ought to leave the kid alone.
..in front of her and your house..
nice to meet you.
i bet what he was exposed to has to do with those meteor rocks.
david! how did you get this number?
by a revengeseeking metahuman rather well, i must say.
this is the warden!
shut up, dont talk aboutjustice like solomon papaiah.
please! a white boat!
pass me that cup, please?
... what brings the inquisitor here?
these doves fly a lot faster than you think. so you gotta really lead them. if you have to drop it in high cover...
me or her?
no, i wear glasses.
turn what off?
well get going first thing in the morning.
its not detailed.
in addition to your increased responsibilities, a promotion is commensurate with your move.
no, its just... a lot of hard work.
i came here,daniel,to tell you that it is very important that you say yes to mr.
this side or the other.
hes lucky he just got tuned up.
i dont know, and i dont give a shit.
are you our relatives?
no, not the spaceship.
look, lets do this at lunch, okay?
carlisle, theyre gonna get hurt.  well all need some training.
and then what? i cant just let you go.
hows my baby g doing?
give me the ball! i can play defence.
because you were playing in water?
i dont think im gonna make it.
more than 40, yes.
..whether he comes alone or with his gang.
if this is about my soul, take it.
sawyer singing redemption song  l hope so, buddy.
youre not in any trouble, henry... as long as you do exactly as i say.
well be having more nights like this.
you ok, mulder?
god help us all.
try to be funny?
i assume youve come back for your bomb.
no, youre not. youre afraid i wont need you anymore.
well, good. im glad.
ill be back hanh!
my wife said that dej vu is like gods way of
is there another way out?
the secrets with this one, you know, huh?
what would we have done with a baby?
im in a bathroom somewhere.
sister who r u?
do you need this silly acting, rama rao?
she was alone on the island.
if i give one push, the rod will pierce through your head.
ill take my chances.
youre not his mother.
your baby food!
dont go on travel, on the way stop at any roadside eatery.
i dont wanna argue.
well figure something out.
this one... a hoarding on the terrace... will be visible from the flyover.
did you go to machirajus house?  im in their house now.
mother and father are here...
and then youre free to go.
what you see in there is just his projection of her.
i just want you to know that no matter where you go, i...
kumar, i dont want to be disturbed.
lets go. do youve entry pass?
please listen to me, its not nonsense.
bernard, those seats are gonna fall.
i wont even ask you how you did this, kitt, but thanks.
with a few of these mounted at different points on the island,
only to behead the british.
believe it or not, lex some things actually have nothing to do with you.
huh?  heres the thing.  uhhuh.
its this plane crash.
preliminary results of the fragment we recovered.
tell her to come tomorrow i want bleach blonde booty at the marina.
alice laughs open esme and carlisles.
lots of legs!
are you telling the truth?
what have you told him?
yes, father, it is.
now, what did carrie castle do for you that i couldnt?
no man can rightly call himself a perfumer, unless he has proved his worth in that hallowed place.
oh, my god. your grandmother was completely right.
it doesnt matter, my child.
kent, get in there at tailback.
come on.  we said, come with us.
i wonder if the smallville police had you register.
attention passengers leaving on flight 1387.
he was up for a full scholarship to the metropolis conservatory.
these men right here are now the eightmostwanted men in america.
lets use the advantage look alike personality.
we all fell out of touch with each other.
itll all work out.
im gonna get you
what should we do with them?
baby, i cant hear you.
you haul me off the beach and you drag me into this place, the least i can get is an explanation before you blow it up.
then theres the discrepancy between the purchasing and shipping records.
im making pancakes for mom.
all you got to do is, play it
ill protect you from mardons powers.
here, hold this down on the table there, nice and flat.
and what makes you so sure?
dont do it, michael.
its a hundred degrees in here.
will you celebrate honeymoon with binoculars?
i really miss her.
i need to stop the bleeding.
its somebody else.
aw, shucks. you got a beer for me?
i hope you didnt feel obligated to entertain me.
sean, youre really scaring me. what do you want?
you have the eye and you know it. alright.
so, lets talk to professor..
he was talking about genetic algorithms, quantum teleportation.
you forget about rituals, you come.
its all because of you, i lost the bet.
tell me something, james, how do you live with yourself?
where the hell are you?
ln any case you are not going to be around much longer...
no charlie, he is very dangerous.
i saw them with my own eyes!
theres two of them.
hey, michael! i need you! now!
why should you be punished?
theyre not all that dissimilar from us.
hes not at the mansion and his cell phone goes straight to voice mail.
you ever been to thailand?
what did you say?
ive got to ring that opening bell.
you out of your mind?
you all right?
well see who beheads whom?
so how you gonna do that?
i just dont know enough.
you go, ill manage myself.
youve been a good friend.
i have to remind you that your mom didnt leave a will.
okay, everybody, lets take it from the top.
this isnt about my second raise, is it?
cause john abruzzi runs it.
novak, do you hear me?
you wouldnt have a life if we hadnt brought you here.
his dad closed the plant.
did she tell you we had a fight?
and do you know what happened next?
you never even got started.
with the man in the yellow suit?
this whole time, i was thinking it was gandhi.
is it because you need to look down the barrel of a gun and find out what you really believe, john?
and when will it be enough,mother? when?
but he had been born with a talent that made him unique among their kind.
i dont understand.
you speak english?
papa will arrive on the 1 7th.
..with anyones sister.
i hope youre right, benjamin.
wouldnt it be cool if we were sisters?
whered you get these?
you have to believe me. oh, yeah?
do you think im a fool?
putting together a memorial issue but when youre looking for pictures you never find them.
we know. this kids been shot.
you know, priya, its all fate.
when you want to swim
im ready for anything, boss.  not any of that.  then?
oh, my god! call 911!
then let me go...
i didnt expect so much fire in you.
you always keep mens cloth lying around?
im not leaving here.
you arent letting me or not letting me do shit, all right?
shes not a date. shes just my friend.
he stood up, turned around, his hands were all wet, looking guilty as hell.
they dont actually come into the dream.
lets get this over with.
under rocks and holes in the ground...
i dont think the store manager likes me very much.
we were turning back.
that doesnt sound like nells style.
pete said you felt sick yesterday.
we undermanned in a big way.
let me tell you something, there aint no edge of the preserve.
okay, so the town is gonna put in a new bench,
you cant keep doing this.
i designed it in the parking lot.
come on, you aint got no skills.
you can still back out, jack.
guys, look at this.
yeah, cant you stay?
come on. come on.
is there someone you wanna tell me about?
how long since weve heard them?
it could be infinite.
where you going?
im prakash... ghajini did this to me.
is that what youre saying?
this is your captain, frank j. lapidus, and on behalf of the entire flight crew, welcome aboard.
that is generally the case, yes, but these are special circumstances.
doctor has said to continue with the new medicine.
i dont know where to begin.
i was following whitney.
one day hes worried about his english paper and the next, hes putting on a uniform and saving the world.
i wouldnt say friends.
nobody can judge me.
you know, were gonna have to tell em.
yeah, i guess so.
ill make you proud.
hell start from the first.
but do me a favour rahul.
you grew up.
if you all work for money, he works for ambition.
how are you today?
i wasnt quite sure how to do it without it sounding like i was telling you to stay away.
youre looking for an excuse that doesnt exist.
youre gonna carry your friend.
i didnt see anything.
what did she say?
look, you cant crossexamine a witness if you dont know who it is.
you gotta be careful.
need some help, sir?
i gave you that... wink.
id rather sell it than let the bank take the house.
its not working.
weve gotta get him in the shower and bring this fever down.
by the way, who are you?
jake, what are you doing?
vishal, stop it!
well, miller, if there is anything i can do...
hell repair it in minutes.
theyre still together?
said, we cant sleep, we feel too rushed!
your nature, your spirit, your goodness must be an influence in the development of this child.
hes no ordinary man.
i shall not want.
give us a couple of bob for a drink, will you?
all right. well, were here.
cause last time they actually gave it to a vegan, and they, uh... forced me to eat this clammy, warm, creamy salad thing, which was...
mahua, what if you werent married?
keep it. sit there.
yeah, something way bigger,
gretched, make sure everyone is prepared to move out tonight.
might as well be saying cheese.
are you looking for someone?
honey, simi, neha everyones coming. you come along as well.
i dont want you to go.
no. hes still sleeping.
youre certainly not.
the girls of grasse were killed by a single blow to the back of their heads.
this is the web i spin.
received communication from your attorney.
i wasnt ready to die
you attribute divine power to me.
climbed to the top of the bestseller list.
they can have all the alone time in the world, but shes...
may be even she is waiting for me?
that i couldnt bring my grandson back home?
mr. cooper checked out this afternoon.
wait a minute. did lex luthor arrange all this for us?
children, get into place.
l sponsored it.
this time, it seems there is.
like father like son.
false alarm.  whew.
where are the two girls?
actually, its ketchup.
you gonna stop snooping around my back now?
i was fresh out of pies to throw at you.
im not destined to be a politician.
i am a financial consultant.
what are you saying, ashish?
markham dr. bensley is our hospital psychiatrist.
the gun is for his safety.
when you have many things to remember..
what do you care?
thats three visits now.
sayid youve lost your edge, old man.
im lucky.  no one is that lucky.
oh, hobart, thats embarrassing.
well let skyler make the introductions.
im intrigued. what do you mean?
ill kill you!
whens the time lock set for?
what kind of teacher is that?
why did you lie to me?
innocent women, children.
took off on the path to the beach. is he okay?
its nice to meet you, penny.
i need to know if youre gonna do anything crazy.
thats always a good sign.
thank you for reese.
ripe chance woods. there a place in the vicinity with that name?
i would wait for their orders.
i want more for you than to end up the wife of an oilman.
we have to get the roulette.
i lied to you dad.
sit, sit come on sit.
come on. come with me.
three banquets a day.... our favorite diet!
you dont know telugu, right?
if youre here, then this place is always blissful.
then youre not ready to go to that island.
you knew this was gonna happen.
face punch, yeah!
then why are you alone?  i left them.
you know, theres a hidden chamber of statues
yes, dont worry anjali.
heres where it makes the most sense.
your darling is running away.
and the smallest seed of an idea can grow.
what, youre gonna
what are you saying?
its all right!
im not gonna hurt nobody.
she shouldnt be here, jerry.
i will mourn them in my own way.
what do you mean, then what?
who knows what he does in there all day, that little freak.
immy, theres no point in thinking about this.
crawling around in the ceiling, risking your life.
the firebenders started a war.
well, what if no one goes for the blonde?
open your eyes, lex!
you know, curses?
i used them the numbers to win the lottery.
i am now calling your hotel.
first one to 15 wins.
why would you do that, john?
as opposed to the way id do it?
i dont know much about wine. i swiped this off the sub.
or theyre in that hotel right now.
like miles davis?
is that right?
i was thinking that maybe we could move the date of the heist.
what makes me an exception is that...
the reason for which he is black mailing you..
youre suffocating him, grace.
hey, whatd i do?
a little guilt goes a long way.
we were too late.
in case you havent noticed, we are having a little crisis here!
come back a man.
l need the dynamite!
im sure his mother will be in my daughters control.
is that a crime?
just greensheet it and well move on. come on, we greensheet it.
you know there will be 7 look alikes in this world.
you got time to set up a perimeter. you called these men to the site? you, rear ridgeline.
pia marriage is over!
youll be with her again.
what do we do?
but that doesnt mean im not healed.
i always wore it around my neck for safe keeping  just until we landed.
how much linktime have you logged?
is it because its clarks party?
got a perfectly good explanation for what you saw on that tape.
why am i doing kapalbharti yoga?
from now youre my companion, im your shadow.
first tell us, then well believe it.
hold on. dont worry, i got a plan.
but i know one thing.
that was when the icecaps had melted because of the greenhouse gases and the oceans had drowned cities along all the shorelines of the world.
all of us share this world before brief moment in time.
why the hell would we wanna do that?
this is such bullshit.
to meet her fianc
why cant you ever give me a straight fucking answer?
theyre not the others to me. theyre my people.
so youre using your mothers stock to fund the buyout.
yeah, im fine. i...
ohh.  awesome. uhh.
im going back into my office at the end of the day.
a replica of me, i went to see again but vanished.
here, let me...
and i brought dads five iron with me.
thanks, skye, youre a lifesaver.
oh, i know, sayid. this is not my first interrogation by the republican guard.
who is this? have you forgotten..
these are my dreams.
this is the last duct. i believe were under the area where we began.
its already 830.. at 900,the exam starts..u wanna go or not!
nobody will even give me a straight answer.
excuse me. what are you doing?
she never harasses me!
something i think walt should have.
yeah, nice talking to you, too
my car is right here.
then forget about the idiots.
thats where were from, okay? and heres the key  everythings fine.
it wasnt a gift, it was a strategy tool.
move your ass.
bella, i envy you. what?
you might as well take dope and beer instead.
well, there was something back in the first grade.
priest, you go.
okay. im okay.
id have given it all up for one more day with you.
another 30 seconds goes by and someone elses turn
dad, stipend isnt too much but ill get to learn a lot!
prolemurs, theyre not aggressive.
we seem to have attracted a little attention.
once you answer that, the rest is easy.
all right, look, i know youre happy in fuck city over there but i waited nine years in walpole for you, motherfucker.
but, hey, i dont want to check your trunk for splinters.
yes, sir, an ankle holster.
whats that?  lets get outta here, come on!
just back away really slow.
do you disapprove, john?
my mood is ruined.
then for no reason,
this is not your island.
dont you wanna go back there?
whoa. take it easy.
what do you need?
but its dangerous.
when did he check out?
he has gone so far that you cant catch him.
youre rushing into it because youre afraid youll change your mind.
theyd only been a few years apart in school but never noticed each other.
theres too much water.
yeah, hes fine.
no.  no, no, no, no, no...
why dont you talk to jenny.
i dont want anything to stand in the way of our friendship.
its not smart to keep it all together, so we split em up.
keep friday clear, theres a band concert. they suck, but youve got to be seen...
but not you. its girl stuff. youd hate it.
i killed her right in front of your eyes.
what are you doing?
talk to me, talk to me!
do you remember that gorilla hunt in my backyard... when he made us set up the tents and wait there all night... with bananas and butterfly nets?
hows what feel?
guts, guts, guts!
you tell the general this
beezus, did you hear that growling?
well, its important to me that you believe me.
youre making me cry. i dont want to cry
i thought i thought this out.
and whats up with all the secrecy?
yeah. i found it here.
theres no need for this to be unpleasant
long enough to wonder what the hell im a candidate for.
no scampering or scurrying. understand, little chef?
but why would you go to all the trouble to make something like that up?
cavalry rides at sunrise.
i didnt know him.
shes all yours.
jack, how well do you know ana lucia?
look at us.
santa banta coming in for ac maintenance.
you get me to teach you a few kitchen tricks to dazzle the boss and then you blow past me?
something smells good.
he wouldnt do this to me.
so... what up with you and kate?
calm down madam, the dead never come back.
there are too many of them in there.
and youve been playing without an opponent.
all right. thats it.
yes. its not often were rendered unnecessary.
ill be back in a sec.
get audio and visual back up.
then the dream ended and pinocchio awoke, full of amazement.
well, i sure do appreciate this, miss beans,
i was meeting with your principal.
i know exactly who you are.
where do you think youre going?
youve a home here and yet you vanish for many days.
i dont understand.
well, very nice presentation.
dont swallow it.
you talking again?
tell me what she did.
i said, are you the manager?
figure itll take her at least a half hour to get across town in this traffic.
who told you to do that?
..when israeli jews massacre our palestinian brothers.
she just entered the school...
have an amazing life.
salvaging what i can, when i can, from whatever i can.
that kapoor sir told me that ure lucky that ur son is studying in ice!
have it someplace else.
he had a vision at the southern air temple prayer field.
sit down, my child. guess what, our company is going to be famous.
ill protect you.
as though my soul were on fire
it better be all right, homes.
then i will tell everyone whats in my heart.
please write on it my friend.
sure you know what youre doing?
now just pay attention, everybody. im trying to make a point here.
what about charlie?
ya..stop stop stop
cackles   please let me go!
youll have to do better than that.
says its urgent.
youve come a long way since we met four months ago.
thanks. i had a lot of time to kill.
ok, one more. come on, one more.
digging in together is the only way were gonna survive.
i eat chicken, mutton and all the nonvegetarian item.
i cant stay here and be a part of this.
later, you testified that you saw him washing the pants which one is it?
do you understand your wifes medical condition right now?
maybe missy claire dont want you reading it.
she never told me his name.
is that what this is about?
i ran a lab test on it. the material could not be identified.
are you gonna fill these holes before you go?
getting off the last step sir.
i won, i won you lost.
lets get him to the couch.
because it means im hitting a nerve.
thank god for that!
how exactly does something like this happen?
is it turning?
did you see this?
shes my sister.
i understand you are upset over your wifes death.
i heard something in the jungle,
im not getting on that boat.
ii di dont know... what to do once i get there.
how can i..
look, i dont like taking orders from my dad any more than you do.
wanna let em know were landing?  sure.
so, boone, what do you do in the real world?
no no sorry..delete it delete it..go back!
youre a mercurial man, john.
not again, sir. please...
wheres the off switch?
youre not dead.
groans   give me your arm.
he owed me one.
did you hear anything?
i need ur help..its an emergency..please please!
when i broke my hip.
my mum, god rest her soul, wanted me to keep trying, but i always wanted to be more practical.
that sounds dangerously like a compliment.
they took my son.
if you really wanna spoil me, take me to a movie sometime.
i could always use a hardworking sales associate.
yes, interview is on monday.
im, tired of trying to remember what happened to me out there.
whos the one going after one of their crash buddies with guns?
its been a long time, girl.
why would linguini be filed with your will?
maybe because hes the one who always comes down here and chops wood and now you are.
you look fine.
silencer used to mug up 18 hours a day and during exams night, he used to distract others from study .... oooo baby.... come on baby ye..... he believed in two ways of topping exams
whats he done to you?
but why... inspector!
punching my face.
well, right now i dont feel like i have control of anything.
sir, i cannot do a procedure like this without an anesthetic.
what do you guys think? about three leagues?
i thought you looked familiar.
you provide the food, ill provide the perspective.
i think we hit something.
okay, here goes nothing.
your grand son...whats that school?
they dont know.
you heard me, the shame of france!
if you change your mind i might save you a dance.
not after what you did.
i know. im sorry.
it was a cover. the question is, for what?
you just worry about getting me the money.
im tellin you, man, she was tasty.
katrina! lets go.
you were gone for two hours yesterday.
we thought he was one of us from the plane, but he wasnt.
dont listen to him!
if only the guys could see me now!
he set me up...!
im your future.
do you think i would cross the entire ocean... and not know as much as sandy plankton?
l didnt sign up for this.
tell me, whats your opinion on the patemouille file?
why would they destroy evidence?
the plan is not working.
barely. what happened?
hes a dogs tail..put it inside a pipe for 12years.. when u remove it..itll still remain bent!
thats the best idea ive heard all night.
atlanta, chicago, and philadelphia.
what do you want?
father, those british had united eight kings.
what are you doing here?
records show that you made a dupe of the surveillance tape.
then why are you going along with them?
we all know you love him a lot.
i used to dream about you getting hit by a cab.
i need a cool code name.
step back to allow the doors to close.
its strange, all this time i never thought lex even liked whitney.
why did you leave without me?
ill find the boys with their help.
see..see if theres any dog!
i flushed them down the toilet.
charlie found a way out.
are you okay? i was worried about you and michael.
you always wake me at the crack of dawn.
for what its worth, i hope you stay.
lets roam together.
she was going to have your child.
i wouldve called the media, the press.
still, i never lost a fight.
mine is to convince people to push a button every 108 minutes without them knowing why or for what.
you want me to do it?
go back to my cell.
thats a laugh.
sun is better.  i bet.
when the sun sets...
some have volunteered for sentry duty. ill put them on shifts.
call me, okay?
heres your clothing. i found it downstairs.
jack, its not his...
you got him?
should i marry her, dad?
a revolver holds six bullets, not eight.
it hunted and killed his team,
youve give me good news, what can i give you?
youre not that old, man.
islam will never forgive you!
theyre in there somewhere.
why are you telling me this?
somehow, this girl came here.
widmore... that you accept this opportunity.
but we aint got no choice.
is you and your pretty little friends knowing who killed her.
hey, john just taught me a new trick.
excuse me, did you find anyone else in there?
dont you hurt him.
hey, what are you kids, stupid or something?
shes saying... please.
im pretty good at finding needles in haystacks.
no one could understand the conspiracy of time.
and why would i dohat?
we were unsuccessful.
what did you call me?
we all did.
they had us in the back of a van.
what do you want, ghost?
boy, phils was a madhouse.
to the trees.
now, why would you wanna do that?
duggal will come to know that machiraju didnt kill seenu.
is the information right?
can you feel this?
you said that eric was holding a meteor rock.
you cant save him, mrs. kent.
priest, if you speak 3 more words, the job will be done.
yeah, and i still owe you that quarter.
and i raised you!
youre gonna have to pop it back in.
he should have finished an hour ago.
twenty dollar deception surcharge!
that chick likes me.
the big guy who lives behind sayid, and scott.
the sun might be stronger than what youre used to.
one things for sure, sitting around being miserable wont make things any happier.
what happened after you argued with your wife?
but dad wants me to become the biggest lawyer of the city.
rifles and pistols?
and six days later shell be in bangkok.
i found a man who had a very interesting view of the meteor shower.
miss curran died this afternoon.
what are you doing?
theyre looking for terrorists, not for book publishers.
is he your new boyfriend?
once in a lifetime, john.
mandys finally gonna get the justice she deserves.
john, you have tracking experience, yes?
change the scheme, alter the mood.
hm hm hey dont tell joy will give him surprise well make this fly out his window and record his reaction if we do his project, wholl do ours?
kevin, what are you doing?
im a man of god.
i know this sounds ridiculous, claire, all this psychic business, and i appreciate that you must think im a raving madman.
aleya hang on...
one needs cash to enjoy.
you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it!
sons a doctor too.
this will send a message to the others who will not talk.
you gonna get birds again?
if someone cancels, ill slot you in.
the second time is when you earn your place among the people, forever.
but if you left with them...
this will work.
you mean we missed him! what am i to tell my dad?
she made you your dance partner.
so i blackmailed him to come up here and to lie to you.
eat, it may get cold. eat.
there was one of them in our kitchen.
you have to start radiotherapy...
greetings to you.
what are you doing?
its not fair, you having this view.
even if i talk to somebody.. he gets very upset.
she taught psychology in the university here.
michael, youre unique
i brought your necklace back.
its getting worse.
i mean, come on, lets be honest here.
ive lived here longer than you...
theres a robbery in progress.
one day youll cry and ill laugh hehehe hahhaa sign over here.. accept it.. that and lost and i won!
lets go, now!
mr. aladin chatterjee.
soninlaw, what are you doing?
he recalls only fragments of the incident. but we cant say how much of it he remembers.
i get shot at, and the bullets are fired by my best friend.
get all your men back here alive.
she probably already got the internship and is out partying with her cousin.
when i was a little girl, id stay up late watching them, to see if theyd move.
you didnt kill holloway, did you?
lanas got an eye on him.
because theyre too big.
its been four days.
i have evidence in a secure digital file.
shes afraid of her brother.
sounds like youre out of breath.
may i see it?
are you okay with veggie burgers?
even i agree.
dont forget the irises.
im not gonna be gone long.
you say i never, and then you finish the sentence.
isnt my friend beautiful?
now lead us out of here.
im, uh, supposed to give you a physical this evening.
that is, of course, if you trust me now.
howd you know?
nada. everyone was asleep.
this is gonna sound really strange.
the dharma initiative?
no such thing as fate.
he climbed to the top of mount everest.
then treat me to spicy fitters and mint sauce.
in a minute, we have to run from this house as fast as we can.
guys guys guys!
where is she?
dr. augustines school?
think about it.
dude, im totally cool. im in l.a. county lockup.
fine, i wont take it up.
evening sky,little cloudy,
you want your third wish. i will finally be free.
why not? where is he?
i was briefed on my way down.
you just dont belong in my world, bella.
ive just got to get back there.
great work, baby.
my disk is everything, sam.
it killed them all.
there is no space for love in my life right now.
her late husbands who left millions behind for her.
i have a plane to catch.
one fruit rollup.
sure. i can understand how youre not sleeping.
just dropping off your produce. sorry my parents gave you a hard time.
how do you make babies?
i saw the tape.
and i took this cross from around yemis neck and put it back on mine.
god, they totally threw me.
he ties this demon to a rock, and whats his reward?
oh, really? you cant tell anyone?
all you can do is hold on to those moments.
not so fucking loud.
im sorry. i was too scared to come alone.
youve got to get warm. come on.
this was sawyers choice, not mine.
its a fresh wound, sir
it might even bring out your sensitive side.
im gonna determine the date of conception. if you got pregnant here...
clark, why are you doing this?
just thought you should have a little piece of me up there in alaska.
im having a good time.
yep. sandy plankton said they only live to be 100.
now, i dont need to live vicariously through your achievements.
nobody else did it.
greetings to you too. wow... you are glowing.
this is the part of the story where our knight is slaying the dragon.
are those projections his subconscious?
manny, the brink of extinction is a bad time to be picky
thats what had happened!
door closes what are you thinking about?
its gonna be nasty for a firsttimer like you, but well protect you.
links running. whats the plan here jake?
dont worry. hes gonna be okay.
we are the future, clark.
what, like leukemia?
no, clark, im not.
why does she do that?
it blew up last night.  lt was the staring point of the trouble.
just a talk about some financial options. a lot of farms are having money trouble.
not sure thats necessary.
why didnt i get the peanut butter?
now, quickly ask for your third wish.
yes sir, they are two people.
if you wish, everything is easy.
you gave me up.
the moment she got into the car, im beyond time.
we cant turn him over.
you cant let this one image consume your whole life.
well, youre lexs friend. what do you think of her?
this is juliet, and she was not on the plane.
listen, i dont do things like that, but you got so excited, you were talking a mile a minute.
well, looks like we have our 10 hours.
do you have them when you wake up?
you mean with thomas? is he...?
i cant read human. dory
we got you a little getwell gift.
youre hallucinating, anu.
you smell lovely.
neither do i. well have plenty of time to learn.
i swear to god, if you faint...  no.
youre just lookin for some excuse to split,and now you got one.
what did you say?
back up a bit.
is that from your chopper?
and how can i do that?
a day. maybe more. maybe less.
the island told me.
it is easy to make fun of me...
but he wont let us read any adventure books.
we could sure use...
after a few years when aleya will marry...
we cant just keep tatting up. we need fresh blood to keep this dream alive.
but youre gonna be moving on soon, and we need to go over a couple of things before you do.
i hadnt planned on it.
you look like youre about 12, so let me explain something to you.
runaway girls runaway daughter.
his majesty would never refuse.
i remembered.  raar!  aah!
bob is nothing but a disgruntled former employee.
one day youll believe me.
i just almost died jumping out of a helicopter because you called us for help.
what am i supposed to do with him?
would you like a nanny?
they havent been able to conquer big cities, like ba sing se, but theyre making plans, im sure.
if we can raise the capital for an employeeled buyout...
we need some help over here!
were fucked if we see a helicopter, were fucked if we see swat.
where will they take us?
now this is your family income mr.raju rastogi, big reason to worry,
were gonna need to watch that again.
a few years ago the chapel burned down and the d.o.c. realized they had some toxic issues you know, asbestos, lead paint, you name it.
yo, bruce, hey!
whats he saying?
whats gonna happen now?
it was heading for that boat.
lapidus, wheres the chopper?
a patient was brought to the er following a car accident, rushed into surgery with internal bleeding.
youll understand when you see the rock hammer.
you understand me, dont you?
well, all right.
2 lakh per month?
im proud of you.
that was our first apartment.
veer will perform for india.
a challenge for you to build something for yourself by telling you youre not worthy of his accomplishments.
something wrong with the apartment?
..and that they can help mankind by finding aladins lamp.
he went after walt.
and thas really selfish.
how... how i do the things i do.
dont worry, its just a gag.
and there are some children there?
the sun comes up in three hours, and were all gonna be here to see that happen.
ive decided to help you, ben.
you wanna talk? then get in the van.  we dont have time...
afterwards... he forgets everything.
can i help you?
i can, ask how.
cant spend a moment without you oh i am yours.
clark, i just left tyler in the graveyard.
monsoon season is bad.
see this..mom bought a new saree..new saree brand new it costs 2000 bucks son..see atleast get up now..idiot not one..she bought ten sarees..ten!
you cool off and get your mind right, little chef. you cool off and get your mind right, little chef.
rousseaus on the beach. she needs you.
bella, this is leah clearwater, harrys daughter.
but it doesnt matter because no fish... in this entire ocean is going to help me.
walk down to the basement!
you and i have never been truly, properly introduced.
how did it feel to hold a gun again?
but he always stays there.
no matter who it may take us up against... or where.
doc, you dont wanna do this.
sorry, buddy. shows over.
and hell like your boobs too.
leave a message, ill call you back.
thanks, brotherinlaw.  stop that acting.
no one by the name of kevin peterson was scheduled for anything today, not even a checkup.
dont worry, barry.
whats club zero?
..of those who gave me birth.
do you know what it is to be a lover?
how confusing hes who will take over the case?
hey, hey, hey, little brother!
as my gift to her... after telling her about me.
give me the fucking keys!
not the comet, hell catch the reflection of the comet.
see what i mean.
like gray hair at young age, hes old at young age.
that means before ur final exams, ull have jobs on ur hands!
on the back it says itll keep at room temperature for up to seven years.
i didnt kill your husband, sun.
what are you talking about?
or how you found me, but...
he wanted to be buried there. who will be the recipient of the deceased upon arrival?
and jenny likes you.
what makes you think were going to find him now?
return this one..
what should i do, siva?
i thought we parted ways.
hes been working the wire at an offtrack parlor down in sydney.
it happens when youre tensed.
no, no, no, no, no!
weve been flashing ya for miles.
i want tanya and her friends too, but thats only the tip of the iceberg.
loved sam so much.
let me confirm it.
you really think that things gonna work?
what do you know about these wheels?
come on, youre good at hiding food.
why didnt you warn me?
i gotta be straight with you, son.
alu, dont try to act smart.
ill explain when i can.
sir, these people just want to get to their destination.
im not going in there with you.
i really hate being a party crasher.
we have come to another arrangement.
right now its just a beginning.
captain steele, we got to move or well get pinned down!
even if he carries me, theyll still pick up on our scents.
his brain waves are flat and hes persistent vegetative.
this place aint so bad.
what are we doing in here?
he asked me for a length of rope.
maybe a little later.
you know, its just some old computer connected to nothing.
but if you come forward with only your drug convictions and a whole lot of remorse...
it makes no difference, rahul.
you got it.
im also mad that you didnt put out the chicago fire of 1871.
move away, kate.  sun
has a crime been committed?
like some salami, or a nice baked ham.
same way anything lost gets found.
now, as kind as that sounds, pete i dont think it falls into the something amazing test.
where is blue fairy?
sweetheart, were gonna have to make a stop somewhere first.
ill meet you outside.
i care about you, john...
theres some real temptations that come with the territory if you know what i mean.
why did you tell charlie, man?
its bad, isnt it? no.
not if general garrison is asking.
sam, you need to tell your mom about this.  no, reese.
youre not into your own shit!
whatever it was, she didnt like it.
hello, mr. krishna rao.
tell me about the light, billy.
put the guns down. ill go with locke.
different people have different beliefs...
you know my advice?
theres nothing to work out. he left.
but your 10 words now make me wish i was dead
take a close look at this book.
you think im stupid, you punk bitch?
i need to learn the names...  learn them all...  no!
ill take you to ghajini.
you must feel sad that he is no longer with you now.
i mean maintain it.
when the storm ends.
youd make a great frog.
your dads been fighting the entire ocean...
how long ago?
otherwise most ofthe time im in the nude...
but you saved my life, brother.
that evil force is pulling you that you cant escape.
i propose that we build a robot who can love.
if id have come earlier, would everyone who died... could i have stopped that?
we didnt pick a time for you yet. when can i put you down?
you know, people get up every day tell themselves theyre gonna change their lives.
..that had lmmys number on it?
that corporation that hired us, they wont accept failure.
come on, tanya. youre the boss. no one else.
what exactly happened to the...
okay, really enjoyed the puppet show. fantastic.
oh, man, that really...
you thought it was funny calling me names, making me cry making me wish that i were dead rather than fat.
did i give you a reason why? you remember that you stopped calling, but you dont remember why?
we gotta go.
peaceful, isnt it?
and you must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from.
no note. no phone calls. no evidence of anything.
whats he got on you, clark?
you gonna get that?
its an old subway car turnaround.
what should i do now?
..i disrespect aarush.
bring it up!
wheres your seed from the last couple you roped?
how long will it take?
you hear how clear that is?
more or less.
close your eyes without any thoughts,
the bones on the right half of his body are shattered.
i cant get my arm around.
oh, like little headstones. hanna!
i know that he has come till your house..
how handsome our son is.
my name is, aakhri pasta.
were not paying you anything.
but just a few more minutes.
what are you doing here?
ive been here before.
you heard of cadmus labs?
da offers you a talkandwalk, and you turn him down?
my grandfathers grandfather was toruk makto.
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! come on!
what did she say to you?
i needed another bottle of those vitamins you gave me.
damn it.  do it!
how long will you keep playing with the child?
scrambled eggs bacon coffee with milk and a little bit of honey.
you can have that again, you know...
he said that to you?
before someones transferred to the marshals and placed in protection, theyre guarded by a local sheriff from the county where the trial will take place.
yeah, i figured you were.
ill get you out of this.
and also, i did purchase a spanish dictionary.
my old man made sure of that.
dear, youre lucky, youre going to become duggals daughterinlaw.
we wont have to.
maybe the scottish castle came complete with a poltergeist.
you guys sleep here, right?
whitney and i are going to metropolis. i thought wed check it out.
didi sonias brother has just arrived he has no place to stay.
of course, birds dont shoot back.
like your dad.
better angry than dead. call them out.
the handle is in the front.
so im making the bottom level a hospital, so fischer will bring his father.
then my experiment was a failure.
well can i borrow your keys...? i forgot mine...
hes gonna get me a job.
dont be nervous, brother. well be okay.
why didnt you?
bring them, boys.
the reward shall be total surrender.
leave me out of this.
cigarettes, a bag of reefer, if thats your thing bottle of brandy to celebrate your kids high school graduation.
say you love it.  oh, fuck.
i heard them say they were coming for the child.
they do this just for sport?
i couldnt let that happen.
all right, hold up, hold up!
were off to numb our brains.
this wont hurt.
we get him on board, theres gonna be a midnight flight waiting for us the night we get outside those walls.
i think you caught the gist of it.
beera will come to no harm
everyone says shes smiling, but thats a joke.
crying look, jake, i know that ive been hurting you.
if you ask where im going...
so then i would work for you.
to her, im just an ordinary guy.
that he and all the people on the island need your help.
...to destroy all evil
how are we goanna kill that thing?
can you pull over and get this?
you dont need to do this now.
we found him out in a field?
the national guard responded after illinois governor frank tancredi declared a state of emergency shortly after 300 p.m.
to live... in... america.
they are twins.
take it up with the union.
if it checks out, im in.
yes. what else?
yeah, clark, so did the unabomber.
nemo, dont move.
theyll be happy, you promise.
if its linguini they want tell them chef linguini has prepared something special for them.
im not happy, im intrigued.
a person whos gonna need a plea agreement if you ever want to see your kid again.
bring it in, and hunt it and kill it.
ive never actually sat in a limo before tonight.
help a brother out.
come on a reception at the metropolis museum, and it was fine?
you have to get up.
i love you.
i need you. i do not know anything about effects, man.
alarm goes off every hour and a half.
first cohort of the ninth legion.
a date is inscribed underneath.
its in there right now, struggling.
because were retired.
seems like someones punched or stabbed every other day.
theyre going faster than we are. were in the fast lane!
youve done this a hundred times, right?
youve been doing business with me face to face.
it may be the last safe place on this island.
you ruined my cake...
something like that.
spread all around... lay nothing but the tranquil scent of dead stone.
anything else sir?
just shy of half a mile.
.. i cant take ur papers sir,please sir
we cant help him.
yeah. he was wrong.
i want every gas round you got right in the front door.
so somethings supposed to happen?
we needed a brave man and you sent us one.
show himself to the humans.
the subject realized he was dreaming and his subconscious tore us to pieces.
people think haute cuisine is snooty.
all delta do that.
they need me.
did you nod?
my respects... no.
got some names and faces, and youre gettin cold feet, huh?
yeah, actually, i am.
weve talked to prem.
you will never change.
eight, maybe nine years old.  kate.
are you blind?
what im what im trying to say here is that...
come on, you knew that.
yeah, but make it quick.
good. she was good.
thats right, youre mine.
george, its naomi.
what, you cant tell me?
go to d.c. its all we got.
at my one gesture, my sharp shooters..
youre looking at it.
may peace and honor follow you.
recently, encom board members have been troubled by reports of flynns erratic, even obsessive, behavior.
he came in this morning, about 430 a.m...
mind if i ask you a question, james?
shes looking for somebody who shows alternative art.
his two uncles are running things over at thornwood, and his brothers a lead welder at deacon.
and how dumb are you that you got captured by these idiots?
i think you forgot the mask.
throw him the knife.
you have a destiny.
my name is lucius caius metellus.
oh, i am going over there as soon as i get off.
thats not fair. i dont think you understand how i regard clark and your family.
have the years of prim and pampery made me soft?
you have a card.
or whatever you do with them.
im just one of its many expendable employees as you made abundantly clear when you exiled me to this charming cow town.
fix it permanently.
well, i just saw your car outside, so i thought id come in and say hi.
you really need to brush!
and, you, meet me at the dock.
ravi, lets go. please.
even im not going.
baby, who ordered the dom?
all right, but this is the last time.
i figured he mustve gone back.
this is not a meteor shower, marines.
i think hes cleaning the house.
he was the man from the hotel, the one i told you about.
so there you guys are.
you spent half your life in a palace.
or go with three guys.
run sequence, unit 3.
id think youre afraid of the water..
youre not grounded anymore if you use your newfound freedom to see some of your other friends, too, like...
your moneys no good here.
oh, look at this.
why are they following me since morning? bloody fools!
have you ever stopped to think, maybe the reason people are quitting is because youve got yourself a management problem?
it most certainly does.
im the c. o. o. of the wedding clothing subsidiary.
look, anushka. you dont need spiritual healer, but a doctor.
you have forgotten me as soon as your son has arrived.
what are we doing in westwood?
well, i had to cancel the interview when the nurse called.
four bullets per victim.
tell you what, tell me what youre looking for and its yours, gratis.
she has a gift for your birthday, shes waiting outside the temple.
did you read your beloved book?
it is highly recommended that you and your partner take alternating shifts.
im not fat! its this fur that makes me look big!
a ydy. com subtitle, edited by rogard
it was jodis car, clark.
its amazing you do all these different things.
come on, devon. im not gonna hit my car.
im kalpanas director and i run this ad film company.
adult swim, next five minutes.
its okay, its okay.
she fell off the monkey bars and broke her neck.
all lets go!
were in australia.
did someone put you up to this?
youre making me look bad.
twentyfour hours isnt a lot of notice.
john people are talking about what were doing out here every day, since we never come back with anything.
you said wed be together!
didnt your parents take you on a riverboat ride?
all you have to do is help me get a kiss from fiona.
i shouldnt have picked up your phone call that day.
i could see how you two would think that, but thats just not him, no.
right now, you dont have anything to owe.
his names lists.
but without law and order, ruminate on that.
you wanna go?
i dont need a stretcher.
how the hell did charlotte know this was here?
youre ashamed of me.
its an emotion that can only be felt... a mothers emotion.
jake, what are you doing?
all i heard was something about electromagnets and an incident.
not here, look there.
i dont really like music anymore, kind of.
well, i have a theory as to why were the only ones who can see it.
i think shes playing with us.
bender youre joking.
and now lmmy from delhis kc college..
building 3. chinchpokli bunder. khau galli.
you put a heart over the i.
discussion is about marriage not stomach.
our country has...
theres nothing to talk about, james.
mr. veer pratap.
what were your rates for cropdusting, mr. cole?
we will ask for forgiveness rahul.
manny! ellie! run!
cant we serve something else?
hes a strange fellow.
he was stuck in a traffic jam...
we have to go back!
get back here, young lady, right now! you cant stop me! i love him!
if i got fiona to kiss me once then i can do it again.
uh,do you have something for a beginner?
then look farther.
he must know more than that.
ah, here it is...
either leave the island or let my daughter die.
its drew paxton.
death, that hath sucked the honey of thy breath hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
tell him youre a genius, youre a genius!
excuse us. the people against katherine anne austen.
well you have to be more careful, okay honey?
you got to realize whos getting punished when youre doing the things youre doing.
made you something.
i... im coming right now.
well, man, id like to see that.
shes a very private person.
what do you mean?
yes, ill close the door also.
look at him! is attending interview more important?
but running away wont solve anything.
theyll think that were in shock.
three miles to the target.
cant be done, michael.
a.j. any new tats?
jake, do not!
jodis on the way to metropolis general. her fathers gonna meet her there.
well, then i guess id have company.
he has already killed two others. i have seen photos of the dead men.
wheres aaron? ...  no, dont ask questions.
otherwise my brothers would have fixed you i know judo and karate im not scared of anyone
these society parties are very boring.
we tried to rein alice in.
you are stopping yourself from grieving.
im listening to my friend.
she was my friend.
it was fate that brought us back together.
been calling your boat all day.
and then keep looking after us from above...
get off me!
whats that on his arm?
we got hung up.
just once. come on, alu please.
prince zukos here in the city.
i was disappointed that you tried.
youre getting a little old for that bullshit, arent you?
hes my papa...
everybodys used this one, including me.
just dont make it as unique as what you gave me last year.
and together, we have a chance to take back what is ours.
..led thousands of pindaris to their death.
they took something from her.
im not avoiding anything!
the way he watches you, its like hes willing to leap in front of you and take a bullet or something.
we re going to get married in may.
i had to come up with some kind of plan.
its time to start organizing.
no way. i got a buddy who fought over there.
break coconut offering prayers.
so you feeling all right?
three men heading west.
wait for uncle tommy.
my father doesnt know about this meeting, and id like to keep it that way.
see the size of the teeth on that thing?
why dont you do it?
the location looks perfect.
they only take animals, you idiot!
now, this is the second time youve asked me for your drugs back.
i got you.
still in the fight.
guys, the battery. the battery.
youve been spending too much time with cassandra.
but four years of lockdown, i wouldnt bet on him.
i was about to go to the police. but if my college gets to know, im in a mess.
my first challenge is helping whitney.  let me work on that.
and all this just because of one man..
well, i have to admit, it does sound a lot better than the truth.
any favorite passages?
i was a little busy trying to keep the town fromurnin down, horace.
i like this part when she does that shit with her hair.
anyone wants to fly with...
when is this whole geological scavenger hunt over?
come join us.
and that day even in boat club..
you, uh, you ready to tell me where youve been the last three years?
it was all hurley.
and were most grateful for the princes valuable suggestion.
not at all. ive to fix all these.
hes with sawyer. i left them about an hour ago.
thats not what i meant.
you really are something else.
previously on lost... the others are coming.
what about frank?
one who wanted to take over the family business.
dont tell me what i cant do!
hey! get your fucking hands...
chief guest minister shri rd tripati ji, students n my dear friends today if ice is touching sky high limits, then the credit goes to only one man shri viru sahastrabuddhi..
thats why i like being out here.
sergeant eversmann said to get your stuff and get ready.
my time is over, john.
im not saying that energys bad.
take this. john i aint shooting anybody.
you know, same old, same old.
instrument and record, analyse, summarize, organize, debate and explained information that are elastative and nonelastative hard bound paper bag jacketed nonjacketed with forward introduction, table of cotents index that are intented for the enlightment understanding enhancement and education human brains of sense in root of vision sometimes touch!
look! you have a visitor.
and thats what you call him...
when kelly goes to college, and she will.
what you saw that day or heard were lies.
whats up there?
well, then get on your feet.
thats such a lonely sound.
in wat way have i harmed u?
what if i dont?
you down here alone?
dont do this here!
whats going on, kate?
i dont know what you people do out here, but i just want to get on with my life.
and both of you?
why would you do that?
with a cat? !
i can see that now.
do you want me to fix it or not?
its 156 million.
well, thats an inconvenience.
that doesnt mean you dont know the combination.
are you rizvan khan?
thats the antibiotic im giving you for the knife wound in your arm.
they can hear me.
but i wouldnt wish it on anyone, jacob.
what do you mean?
you are restigated, if u rnt gone by morning..ill call the police ill call the police
father, someday, ill surely throw you in this water.
this is the place they make you read.
who is that beating our man?
who put you up to this?
knives are rattling in my head
what was she screaming about?
so, we went over to burrowss place.
shes gonna wind up like one of them.
where did it come from?
its like having a dual identity.
come on, already!
in hb finance.
you have to protect me, clark. youre the only one that can.
i regret, even this heart mourns.
charlie could be some religious freak.
dont worry! he wont bite!
dont know, theyre coming to oversee the marriage arrangements.
you believe in destiny as well.
what are you trying to tell me? will you settle there only?
can you change the timer on the sprinkler?
where have you been?
don boss, pitambar didnt hung up..
this one time, i coughed up an entire dalmatian.
it wouldnt matter.
its extremely hot in here with the windows closed,
then they would start blackmailing you.
of air voice.
i didnt get you.
right here, captain.
well, you gotta spend some time and train them.
just cause youre excited, dont talk with your mouth full.
you have to deal with all those people constantly secondguessing your decisions, and it always starts out so innocently, doesnt it?
im gonna have a glass of the house cab.
most people would consider themselves lucky, but not him.
please find elsewhere.
i think theyve been taken.
this car even talks.
someone, anyone at all, help me!
forgive me if i dont seem persuaded.
she just died.
think it over i wont leave without madam
maybe it wasnt a rejection, maybe it was a challenge.
i mean, you just got here.
im not trying to fix it.
wait, where are you going?
hes the director.
so, shes my mother.
sir..is it compulsory to sit acccording to our ranks?
can i bring you something? im okay.
if its not in the dictionary it doesnt count!
oh, ill go get him.
! where is he?
twombly, the convoy is leaving!
i need help! its my dad.
you remember the code?
i was supposed to be that man, wasnt i?
theres a guy there, ben forsik, i sent him copies of everything i had.
yeah, only marks powers seem to be a lot more precise.
..why dont you keep your distance from me too?
youre going on that boat so you can swab decks, michael.
biggest darn butt ive ever seen...
come on, grab it, grab it!
he wants a glass of water!
he knew your favorite color.
is she currently on meds?
i think about you sometimes.
i mean, there are plenty of other ways you couldve convinced him you werent gonna blow up the entire island.
only guilty man in shawshank.
can you break this?
brrrrrrrrrrmmm brmmmmm brmm brm
youve always been good to me, pete.
and now, because youve been such a good girl,
im ready, john.
hes the man responsible for all this confusion.
just keep on swimming. you got that.
drop by that overpriced coffee shop tomorrow afternoon and well talk about your future.
so the government paid lincolns debt?
jin, you there?
havent you yet recovered from the shock, narsing?
ill drop her at home.
oh now stop it you two...
and what the hell is that smell? !
buried in the city cemetery in ray soamess grave.
i understand you were scared...
i can certainly take away the car.
then your theory is wrong!
its the last time i can remember feeling completely safe.
maybe the one day will be like that day inside the amphibicopter.
craven may still have his men with him, youre not going alone
they were responsible for half of the citys crimes.
maam, you cannot use your cell phone.
arent you related to beera?
women of this neighbourhood will spit on your face.
why is there no blood on you?
shut up!  what am i saying?
you cant. please.
what are you doing up?
whats he doing here?
im sure tomorrow will bring the usual insanity.
i was just having a conversation with the lady.
thats all they wanted.
americas bicentennial. knoxville, tennessee.
mother loves me more than you.
in the middle of the desert?
you stay away from her.
i wanted to know that her life was full and satisfying.
you said we had to send a signal.
it aint what you think it is.
he invited us all over for dinner.
ruth, were hearing reports that the pursuit began near the la brea area, then traveled through a warehousing district south of the 10 freeway.
he doesnt know anything!
come on, boys, have some faith.
im sure you would have investigated.
inside of the fucking can.
can i see?
you think hes still alive?
we fucking killed it.
send me a postcard.
thats a new car,
hey. dont worry.
where did they go?
i apologize if this is confusing, but...
what will happen if she doesnt get her medicine?
no offense, clark but digging up six pages of interesting on you...
well, youre free now, john.
look outside, tell me if you see anything!
locke. his name is locke.
..he cant think about anything else but cigarettes.
oh, you know. yesterday... last week...
the guys from work dont think you exist.
justin, i didnt mean
lance. your names lance, right?
mother told me if you ask anyone theyll guide us.
i told him i wanted to tell you. thats when he did this.
i scratched you because you were taking me back to them!
im sure ive tied more of these than your mother.
when he saw her for the first time he was very pleased...
i say jump, what do you say?
mind blowing, brother.
hey, man. whats this car doing?
let me give you the tour, bro. come on.
hes already gone.
just stop doing that stuff around me.
get behind me.
getting your morning lana fix?
come on, turn the car around.
he was baptized martin, after his grandfather.
you seen my son?
the ransoms not paid, we light you on fire.
ill take the first shift.
martin congratulations, john.
why dont you tell me now?
hey... youre not wearing anything...!
thanks for walking me home.
just a little weirded out.
i told you. i was... i was worried.
its only the later generations that learned to channel their rage
whos gonna stop me?
jacob laughs well, im just filling out, bella.
no, i said he was the leader...
my fatherll bring me back to metropolis in a few years.
time, i think, to turn your mind to the real world, and i believe this would be the perfect start.
ill take the lead.
you remember old man parks, right?
but he fell in love with our sister who was next to her.
ive never known a subject so unaffected.
so, he can tell all these people..
thats great, sweetie.
well, well clean the mess up later.
what happened to you was my fault.
all right. bag them.
ill scout ahead.
he has ten minds. ten faces
i told all my friends, i knowthat woman!
it has only happen five times since the time from the first songs.
his dads still in the hospital, so hes been working extra shifts at the store.
if you leave today, aarush..
you told me a fairy tale about a woman who led the perfect life.
something pinched me!
why didnt anybody call me!
you know, i couldnt help but notice but you wouldnt happen to be related to the maurice fischer, would you?
what do i mean?
im your son.
i knew she was back.
it alleviates the loneliness of my heart.
its sort of disturbing.
its some photographer..andre isthawan!
sanjay singhania, the man who wants to kill you.
and i know youll want to especially when you consider all your interest in the crash site and the kents.
yes, you can.
hey, the routes a lock, g.
who is this?
ive been crunching some numbers, and i really dont see how we can afford this.
you never do anything to make me happy.
that theres rango!
la la la la la la
who paid him?
you dont have to hide anything from me.
there was no way i was coming back to pennsylvania and not seeing you,
he retired last year.
we need to start figuring things out.
why didnt you wake me up?
it only yearns for her sons happiness... no matter where he is... no matter how he is... just happiness...
we work under you, we work on you and we work for you.
i said youre beautiful.
manor house is confident that rohan will do it!
no need to express your love,
just jump in and trust your instincts!
between you and me?
word is you come against him once or twice.
we just... we just got to find her.
i hope im not interrupting your reminiscence?
clark, i got your messages, but ive been having a bad day.
i didnt tell you for this exact reason.
how did they get their hands on her?
what about everybody else?
well, of course, we had to make up a story but its more complicated than that.
is everybody at it?
what does it do?
what are you guys doing?
hell push him off!
im gonna try to keep saito under a little bit longer.
but youre not supposed to go home.  what am i supposed to do?
ajira flight 316.
and then we kill it.
its not a diary! its personal!
that was more or less true.
why didnt you come?
if there was an opening, i would know.
now, sozins comet is returning in three years.
please help me regain my familys honor.
how did he know it wouldnt kill you?
now uploading now would drain the power from the systems keeping sarah and mike alive.
the talon closes at 9.
stay on that bearing, yeah?
sorry, were not open yet.
its perfect for someone who stopped being a cop.
lets get him some rocks.
its none of my business why youre upset.
but why did you bring her here?
do you want to go somewhere a little more private?
pied piper. how was your commute?
she went into hypothermia, which made her appear dead.
ill do that.
why would somebody want to set you up?
you took my words so much to heart that you went away.
you see them now?
huh. right. yeah.
this isnt my nonsense, ok?
you need to go on a walkabout.
is there any other kind?
come back to me please. please come back. please.
where does p. sherman live?
this wont help.
i dont agree with you.
so i got a big stick and i hit him in the head really hard.
sol john, you all right?
november 13, 1981.
jacques, take this way.
mandira, we both know what it feels like to lose people we love.
its usually what isnt said thats the real story.
is that near st. louis?
charlie, leave it. go get some water. maybe youre dehydrated.
i take the money, are you mad?
you think anyones gonna believe that?
slow down. i just decided to run last night.
im sorry,but elo shes not here right now.
ill just be back.
even last year at this function you had created a ruckus!
it ends right now.
me of course.
im guessing thats why you didnt stick around for the tv cameras last night.
yesterday. i just wanted to thank you, by the way, for sending all those emails.
so, what you want me to do?
but talk about a detail nazi.
i cant do this without you.
do you hear that?
im thinking about taking a trip.
she had a red rose in her mouth.
..but here he is.  hi.
all right, lex what were you doing with those guys?
you look hungry.
really? ok, crush.
i know. i need you to lay back.
the garbage outside the house, emptied the bags and everything.
dr nemmans been hiding medical evidence from the beginning.
you know, its about time... someone recognised my true potential!
i found a couple in los angeles who are very eager to adopt.
limo is a word, durant. i dont want to hear about it.
is it because you know whats happening to me? listen to me.
it got robbed, yeah. it did, yeah.
he has gone out to find the address.
im on the grid.
that doesnt mean he torched the raft.
what.. are you doing here?
he says that if he hadnt married mom, he wouldve been a soccer champion... a swimming champion...
let me look at you.
..then these should be the questions.
come hold my hands.
bring that carom board.
you have ten seconds, ben.
its getting so hot in here.
you were designed and built specific like the rest of us.
mrs. meacham says im a nuisance.
for it is their family and friends who taught andrew and margaret to love.
i sold the jewellery meant for my wedding.
most guys, you know, for the first one, they start with something small.
take a breath, 25, and calm down. over.
you gave me a day from your past, a day you couldnt even remember.
isnt it amazing how quickly everyone can turn against you?
there used to be a time when people minded their own business.
i love acting.
you know that i dont lie.
francine feels 30 dollars...
hes just like you.
why wouldnt it be?
adukwus our navy corpsman. hes like a medic.
were just asking for professional courtesy.
you can be informal.
you took everything with you.
if im ever gonna see their faces again, ive gotta get back home.
just so you know, youre never gonna be my dad.
a boat passes, im not gonna be on the hook for missing it.
that rita saldanas been visiting you?
its just, it felt like i was right there.
you... have to invite me in.
its not gonna want me.
i dont know. he walked up and started going off on her again.
keep quiet, hes just a kid.
thats why im going after him. how far ahead is he?
he is not invincible.
what... son of a bitch!
none of us did. but you do, and youre choosing wrong.
i cant tell yet.
had no understanding of the divinity in his son, so he beat him.
and then he went upstairs to his room with one of the men.
right now, they are burning the money bands at some bullshit safe house.
i must go away at the first drop falling, if not ill not go even if rain stops.
we have dislodged fragments, but we can only wound them.
your mom said i could wait here.
they dont just survive.
is that what you told the five patients who filed malpractice suits against you?
kept with viktor at all times
i think i was mean to him.
it was the only way to get you back to the island.
have a nice day.
desmond, what if i told you that... for all that, all those years that you and all the men before you were down there pushing that button...
her heartbeats dropping fast. im pregnant.
were going home to our real children.
lift the dad!
i think i cut my eye.
i need to take some samples.
only, the thing is, were gonna have to take the boy.
just leave me alone.
no, i was only a cohort centurion.
my moms fine.
ill get it to my team in metropolis.
foxtrot, olympic to pico.
i cant believe were looking for road kill.
i couldve done something.
i mean i scared her, but i didnt hit her.
rahul was two days old when yash and nandini brought him home.
do you understand that?
but ive not found anything.
gretel seems to have become so...
no, doctor, i think youre very talented. you just need closer supervision.
honey, eat your peas.
same song, got into oxycontin.
and two, all you gotta do is give me the address and we avoid all this melodrama altogether.
the submarine departs in 30 minutes.
dude, promise me something.
there are worse tragedies. i mean, look at romeo.
i know you did. susie told me.
viktor put you here for a reason but i doubt its because you had moral qualms
get away from me.
i suggest it be me.
excuse me, maam?
yeah, yeah, were almost there
always and forever.
youre going to jacksonville to live with your mother.
but i was fascinated. i read all the cases i could get my hands on.
were building a house on the cliff!
nothing is wrong with me.
boris get ready!
i just think somebody should go talk to her.
what i can do has nothing to do with chatting with ghosts, you nitwit.
im not. im doing it for us.
rosen everythings all right here.
yeah, probably betting on what well do next.
i perused your file in human resources.
you dont think she knows your secret?
well, i didnt see anything...
look at this faggot!
stop it, weve reached hyderabad.
i dont know, five years.
lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
yes, you told me a lot, i cant remember everything.
i was raised to question piles of food with weird labels that just fall out of the sky, rose.
now its my turn.
see? youre already working for your constituents.
i put him in the coffin!
mr. cooper doesnt have a son.
see, if fibonacci testifies in front of the congress next month,
i heard you took out a bank loan today.
figured you could hang it above the counter.
its not my problem, john.
yes, mole astrology says that.
the eldest of the immortals yet you have made no attempt to seize your destiny
because only our leader can request an audience with jacob, and there can only be one leader on the island at a time, john.
sayid will you do this with me?
and we could go, go, go
very nice work, tina.
the kids will need you!
but you have their tomorrow...
i turned my back on him because i didnt want to make waves.
a man can claim almost anything violates his constitutional rights.
some hotshot banker.
you want on that sub, jim?
we shall have a drink.
is that your boyfriend?
james, wait.  were not your enemy.
you want them coming back?
two men will be randomly selected live, right before your eyes.
okay. its gettin dark, man.
no, no, son, give me a hug.
and we didnt keep in our bedroom , we kept it in farhans bedroom for him to study convieniently i didnt buy car, riding scooter till now invested all money in farhans studies we sacrificed our future for farhans better future.. did you understand or not?
im fairly good with mechanical things.
youre not on my list, and youre not on the sub manifest either.
you mean like that guy there?
did you hear about the party at noel kahns?
lower your gun, or ill blow his damned head off, brother!
a magician from a circus?
but how do you know for sure?
now say that two times fast.
youre invited, okay?
done with your breakfast?
lm their relative.
but i want to see for myself..
because hes running from somebody.
yeah, im okay, jamie.
randy, i need a pistol mag!
this is our home.
we still got a ways to go to get to jacobs.
put him down up here.
so are you so smart?
please, you have to help me.
i wasnt trying to catch up.
you may have some internal injuries.
hell accompany you.
immy sir, this is your old stuff. take a look.
why is it so hard to talk to you? okay.
master bruno, how are you today?
because you didnt make the call?
what was the need to get such an expensive one!
no.shes gonna hold us up.
i mean, martha.
for your obsequies?
i told you, its not a game.
dad, its picky picky.
can you hear me, jack?
look, i get it.
youve not met her for a month.
i... i think id like to teach.
does she really love you?
i brought these worthless chaps here.
you were with shyne?
so youre atticus.
and your mother wasnt no different.
did you just drop our fucking tombstone?
master ji saw that a sixth standard child was solving a tenth standard problem which class u r in,son?
judith martha wexler from denton, texas.
i fight everyday so that i can live a little longer...
give me your keys.
whered you get the scratches?
i am worried.
help me find a good place to put this.
thanks very much for coming.
it ends tonight
i told you she was a looker.
now, what are you going to be when you grow up?
hes not like me.
no, i rarely go into the field, mr. cobb.
a cycling champion.
praise lord krishna..
i thought maybe you lost someone on the plane.
mrs. meacham, im not lying.
who are you to kill me?
until one oclock it was, why you?
you could run your fair and balanced article wordforword if youd like.
waste of money, if you ask me.
they come to be woken up.
chances are, youre going to see 777s nose any minute now.
in the dream state, your conscious defenses are lowered and that makes your thoughts vulnerable to theft.
no, its just a shower.
he has come second.... idiot..whose first then?
ill be outside.
so, why should that person be me?
kyle, please help! help!
i mean, i was sleeping, and i woke up, and he was trying to hurt my baby!
they have rocked me to my core.
the island will...
what are you thinking, brother?
she knows the boys who kidnapped your devi.
then maybe he will understand nicely.
he hasnt checked in for hours, has he?
the picture was destroyed years ago.
rusty, something went wrong.
and skyclub passengers to board the aircraft at this time.
your idiots nearly killed us all.
the refractive faces of the glass create a full wavelength dispersal... ,so if you look inside, you can see
i guess i...take it out on you and tommy.
ok. well wait for sun to wake up. shell tell us what happened.
it was nothing, nothing but what i always expected and nothing compared to what could have happened.
... until we got you reinstated.
um, yeah, ill catch up to you.
you have to tell me, and then ill promise.
hey, you mind if i ask you something?
he escaped from him.
trey street deuces got the hoops.
smooth drive, isnt it?
you still have it, i see.
yes, jean, i can hear you. everyone, move out.
thats so not funny, alison!
and the cards didnt have the same value as usual.
this wasnt in the design.
ive decided not to return to city.
i cant breath...
you notice anything about this hatch?
sayeeda why dont you explain.
but were just trying to help
if youre telling the truth, why fearthe test?
and come and see me in my office tomorrow, understand.
your presence is our inspiration.
i wish we could do this all the time.
and itll keep you off the yard.
i say when the nazi bastards had enough!
you dont seem very upset about this.
its just something that we have to do.
you were the long con.
we should go to higher ground.
well, thats okay.
sheriff rango, if that is your real name.
kitt,where are you?
do you know where hes staying?
what did i say about a low profile?
its gonna yield you a windfall.
whatever. excuse me?
sayid weve got to get there before sundown.
wipe it of my back, dumb fellow.
were gonna have to carry her, .
look, its just that...
would you have hurt me, john?
ill find him!
you need to talk to mom.
after reading a lot of overheated puffery about your new cook, you know what im craving?
any questions? no?
did you eat?
i didnt think youd come.
go and get ready.
tear me down
your brother?  you dont need to know.
what makes you think i need a dog to take care of me?
just get him to meet mother and father.
theres nothing we can do about it.
the people who got hurt?
all right, now get away from the counter!
what happens when we meet up with your men?
i would like you to meet our next blockbuster.
ignorance is bliss.
hows it going down there?
tell me more about her, the woman.
is there an antenna on the island?
whered you find glue?
were being watched.
ive heard no word of my son for quite some time.
i need my guitar.
where are we going?
bonds that dont have any boundaries... no limits.
please dont die.
desmond, wheres charlie? i dont know.
charlie went in there through a tunnel that we dug.
half the stuff he says goes way over my head.
especially the blood of someone im quite fond of.
guys, come on.
bullshit! they wouldnt use it if...
you smoke cigarettes in the bathroom..
whats with the swing set?
hold that end.
so that we might prevent their reoccurrence.
oh my god, you did!
how does he know every plan we make here before hand?
and in a year, ill be back.
hes stuck in the cage.
theres no shame in hiding.
the, um, the smoke detector was...
doc says she needs a cesarean.
my sister deepthi.
with him, it either works or it doesnt. problem is, i couldnt know who that was until i got in here.
thats where i want to live the rest of my life.
one things for sure, youre just as pretty as advertised.
but i made a deal with your girlfriend.
were getting married.
what happens if the orchid aint around anymore?
im making an inverter on his name.....see this oooh..
i dont want to play the gender card right now.
im coming after you.
there he is. do you see him?
you must mean the nondouchebag agreement.
in case you havent heard, im the frontrunner.
two days ago, i sent a message to the prince.
that should cover lunch.
why dont we start with lincolns relationship with your boyfriend.
things feel different between us.
what are you doing?
sawyer, shut up!  we saw him on the beach.
when he reached in and pulled me out, he gave me a new life.
what are you whispering there? speak loudly!
you two get on?
claire. she ok?
my name is sandor szavost.
dont worry. i figure if you can take a risk with lana, i can take a shot too.
no no no no.
yeah. tell her we have a big surprise for her.
no, im not.
well, youre entitled to your opinion.
ill tell you.
if your answers dont match up at every point, you will be deported indefinitely.
where are the two girls?
theyre working on this together!
l mean you have three wishes.
you said the same a day before also, is seenu only man, are we not men?
come with me.
what did you bring me today?
aro goodbye, my young friends.
thats my best friend!
sir, sir, sir..
why dont you come in for a second?
fortysix. theres 46 of us now.
i have to quit the band.
she stares, she stares, she stares.
i must be a little confused.
what should we do about that don seenu?
right, then, disarm it.
yeah, i know he can be a little direct.
what happened to him?
but we mustnt...
47 and two broken glasses.
jasper has experience with newborns. hell teach us how to defeat them.
,the area youre dealing with, mathematics is very specific, ...and it is an art form, no matter what people here will tell you especially people from biology.
lm looking out for you.
id say its at least eighttotenfeet thick.
hey, can you hear me?
there hasnt been a waterbender in the southern water tribe since my friend hama was taken away.
aang needs to ask you something.
he may not be in your computer, but hes right on your security camera.
previously on lost
not to piss on grand cayman, but i think i can get you an additional 75 basis points in the dutch antilles.
..because he took another stupid oath when he became a genie..
thats not what it looks like.
what happened out there, charlie?
i know. pretty cool, huh?
now, you have just two choices.
i heard there was a third level to the plant. is that true?
so one day i could bring this message, and that you would believe it.
did he tell you anything?
you know a guy?
what am i supposed to say my fist slipped?
and i wanna be with you, ellie!
come on, lets go.
ha. why do you care?
dear husband tobe,
do you really think i can, you know, change?
we were talking and it came down.
no, not really.
this is not a toy.
the other winner of the distinguished carnegie scholarship, bender
i know jack gave em to you.
i understand they threatened you.
wow, what a coincidence.
weve improved it.
well meet at the vacant lot.
youre yanking my chain, right?
you with me?
it will be published in front page of newspaper.
why is markus looking for him now?
i could get asthma.
great. next to mimes, magicians are my favourite people.
great, 10am, tomorrow.
no, please talk to me later.
all right, get him on the litter.
rancho, look at that monitor raju!
man, that fucking hurt!
well, i got some news for you..!
and yours is to keep yourselves and the room clean...
claire youre sure this is her trail?
is there andhing?
hell get a cops burial and full benefits.
i take it youve sided all rail traffic?
can you see anything?
or is it a little too much your mother?
this one was hers.
you seem really excited about the dance.
just step back inside now, come on.
i totally misjudged you, scofield.
i can only give you sympathy not extension si...r
lets give em the benefit of the doubt.
you know what, i can probably get it open if i just...
to keep me in their invisible freakin handcuffs.
i miss you.
tell me do the children miss me?
get on the ground!
got some more deliveries to make.
do you think bringing me in will make him suddenly come to you?
with such fools around, im not able to win over him.
you were running like the devils chasing you.
i want to dance, uninhibited
where the hell are the rescue planes?
you dont need an explanation for everything, lex.
go to hell, luthor.
enough weapons and armor for two regiments.
ive been nonstop tripping over this, i tell you.
you can all head back to the beach.  jack.
hell, give me a couple of bandaids, a bottle of peroxide,
its dodgy enough without having to babysit a head case, ghostbuster, anthropologist and a drunk.
im asking you to love yourself.
the meteors somehow alter cellular makeup?
rickmans got to him!
what did you say?
my only hope now is to awaken markus our last remaining elder and expose the truth before craven tries to murder him while still in hibernation
were not. this may be the transmitter sending out her distress call,
behind the second was a man.
i know when im being lied to.
now youre the new supertoy.
reese, ive to do my homework. let me go home.
what are you guys
youll never ask me that question again. you will never ask me about aaron.
somebody wants aaron.
lm happy, im here.
... thatswhatshewas .
thats what you want, right?
herr liszt gave us some books.
director sir has remembered you, ya now ok you give this to chathur , ill come back now
wow. ive learnt a new thing today.
i might be just a little less intimidating.
i hear hes been helping people out in this time of crisis.
your name is aladin and you hate lamps?
from today the raichand empire belongs to you.
you wont put it on the plane?
think about james.
okay. quiet.  okay.
how can you say that?
when your daddy said no to me i did him the chemical way.
a muslim man is supposed to be buried.
beezus, youre in charge.
you sent him out here because you knew this would happen. you wanted this!
khan. i got the job, i got the job.
im thinking about the entire country, uncle.
and why dont i remember... well, any of this?
today is sunday!
can you hurry it up?
what else did he say?
grab my hand.
please tell your dad we really have been trying to make it to church,
whatd he say?
thats it. im never leaving home again.
fourth cohort of gauls, second legion.
i want you to be exemplary.
for trusting me, and for understanding me.
but wed better do it fast.  he wasnt my friend.
you are a very rare bird, arent you, now?
theres a strong possibility reinforcements are hiding in the golan straits.
i would do anything to take that back.
bench grinder, lube equipment, drill press over here.
her dress is also great.
you were on top of him without your clothes on.
when are you leaving to goa?
yeah, we have. were gonna name him ethan.
i knew the only vacation he was taking was with fibonacci.
i cant read your mind. thats how i knew you were different.
i felt it in my trunk!
put in a good word.
neither police got to know nor joys dad.... everyone will think its a suicide, sir
its nothing like that, okay im telling you.
well, if the winds not too brutal, eight, nine hours.
actually, more like memories.
what about a stay of execution or...?
i forgot, just like sandy, that today is raksha bandhan.
and his stepsister, she was in it. should i be scared?
but medicine says mourning is inappropriate.
hope were not getting special treatment because of your friendship with clark.
youre doing pretty well for a firsttimer.
,but worse, had never been,
dont do it.
thats sweet. i think.
laurent found out about the things they could do, and they killed him.
is it okay if i dress her and get her out of here?
ive a suggestion, you paid me rs.30, didnt you?
ill take you there right after college.
the escape now, you can save money.
that was a lifetime ago.
have him taken out.
tomorrow, i promise.
who the hell do you think you are?
youre ok. youre all right.
we cant go to delhi tomorrow..
dads quite cool, actually.
a common enemy unites even the oldest of foes.
how much you pressurised brother, dad..
if father is right, then every son follows him.
you know whats charu doing now?
so you two were just hanging out.
im sorry, are you a mother?
hell, he died of infection.
the man who owns air voice.
nothings gonna happen to her. ok?
youve got to run, ok?
some of what was going on, and he listened.
my car thinks?
we were hunting.
i liked you better when you werent talking.
the way i had it figured, turok is the baddest cat in the sky.
and you gave them your money already.
think of it as an adventure, like in one of your books.
farther, farther, farther...
i appreciate that, but i think you should look after yourself first.
i used to be.
you might think you are a chef but you are still only a rat.
didnt you get my email?
not to mention 5,000 men.
yeah. tried to fight it and...
ill tell you everything now.
you were saying that you wanted to say something to me.
you know you cant swim well.
i wasnt aware of that.
why dont you tell the president of united states then?
he is a bad player!
lets say this fella here were to take a drink of water.
get them into formation.
may jasmine fall in love with me.
maybe i can help.
oh, look at it.
not if you sent one man.
im not now just listen.
why didnt you just tell me?
so its just you?
see, nothing to it.
those were my fathers.
bring your passports, your bags, and your guns.
hes been shot in the leg.
i need that necklace back.
but there might be an out.
l had that weird dream again with the black rock i cant get away from.
the de kretser syndrome?
youll do anything to make sure that happens including putting your opponents in the hospital.
good people. bad people. no other difference.
excuse me. im a friend of earls. is he in some kind of trouble?
id lose you as an assistant but... you have an extraordinary eye, and ill make sure we buy this before i leave.
did he say anything while...
i never realised when this prank turned into friendship..
you stay away from my son. and me.
that was me uninviting you.
he was pushing alternative energy.
last night when i was in here, i saw her...
shit, i aint built like you, john.
this isnt going to end well.
i had to cover my bases.
how did he get past us?
you getting all this?
makin me sleep comfortably..he himself din sleep in heat!
the surgeon at the fort.
and it threw my brother and me for a loop.
kate, where are you going?
my goodness. thats quite the tiara you have there.
locked in the storage room.
we gotta burn this toxic waste, pollute the air and rip up the ozone!
sorry im late.
ranvir. ranvir, lets go from here please.
chandus uncle fed chandus aunty on a moonlit night in chandni chowk... in a silver spoon some chatni... some chatni.
ive done dreadful things.
oh, shannon, the plane.
he cant actually talk... alright .
love doesnt need words.
baby, are you angry?
oceans full of fish.
i was thinking about something you were saying before we found out who you are.
im doing yard work for p.i. we need some fertilizer.
looks like, youll be going home.
and i remember looking at him, completely embarrassed because i was thinking the dumbest thing.
thought youd never ask.
cant you do that much for me?
how long ago did he leave?
i really want to make up for letting you down like i did.
ill be back.
another scathing editorial?
oh, the boys girls club?
well, you dont love her. she goes behind your back.
i want your spot, ill get your spot.
theyd gathered proof that it existed.
theres a mobile link up as site 26, we can work out of, way up in the mountains.
i cant sleep with one eye open.
did you hear this sound inside?
weve only got three janitors.
i feel like my aunt ruth.
i went online, reversetraced the number, and voila there was fibonaccis exact location.
i didnt see him once, not once. its a big plane, ana.
that she can be a part ofmy family?
but ive made it a point to keep my nose clean ever since i walked into this place.
are u impotent?
i just want you to help me get to them.
she got a last name?
hewitt hes a member of the cell.
what? what happened?
we feel the threat in our blood.
my dawns must break open seeing your face,
there was something sacred about this place.
he feels very passionately about her, almost inappropriately so.
you dont always embarrass yourself like i do.
you and your entire family get your hands up where i can see them.
kate, this is hanna.
hey, hes on his way.
who says this is my first time boar hunting?
and thats how i returned to the island.
there is none.
what about this guy?
its not good enough.
for arguments sake, lets call them lana and chloe.
try working on sensativity!
sam, take the turret.  huh?
youre not gonna ask me to pray or something.
i said, jenny isnt here.
in zoe garfields statement, she said harry accused her grandmother of killing his future.
ok, im not sure where youre going with this.
do you have any idea what a success story youve become?
two scoops, always.
no it was my brotherinlaws mistake.
you have no more right to lead it than miraz does.
what about the adoption?
1till seenu is here...  hey suri babu!
i dont believe this.
oncologist on call to the i.c.u.
so, everything has been arranged on the campus..
youre kidding, right? youre going back?
i even miss school.
how dare you cook in my kitchen?
ask me anything.
weve been playing the clubs in manchester and weve been getting some heat.
if they get caught, they feds will know exactly where were going.
i demand to know!
it was kind of lastminute. i didnt realize i needed your permission.
kate, can you hear me?
you know you cant have these people here. take them outside.
lm trying to have a discussion.
why dont you try again saturday when youre in metropolis?
we should only befriend the rulers of half the world
but in a few days this place.. is gonna to be a mile under water..
besides, its a moot point.
well, sort of.
oh! thats good.
i hope youre not also a dreary old cynic?
tomorrow is a big day for sayeeda.
we dont have time for this.
and if pushed to those extremes, what is he capable of?
cant you drive properly?
youre taking your first step into this home.
search the outbuilding!
dont lose yourself!
why are you sulking?
i saw that.
you hold on for just a little bit.
yes man..yes oye silencer.. hey chathur comeback!
did you have anything to do with sun?
dont worry about me.
hope they dont expect us to pay it back.  well, banks are funny that way.
jenny isnt here.
i just wanted to make sure you got to the operations centre okay.
but ben said he knew how to do it.
god, ive been thinking about your body...
government overthrows, flashy highprofile assassinations.
im sorry, jenny.
thered be a point.
but we gotta keep going.
were friends, you know.
did you really beat him?
thats it. lets go back.
ive solved ashishs problem.
six years ago, they blew up the world trade centre..
that day, i swore... until i buy three ambassador cars,
i just didnt think youd be stupid enough to implement it.
and im tired of being at the kids table.
now, why doesnt that surprise me?
this is the last of em.
stay with you.
well, thats the real trick, isnt it?
wasnt always in that order, either.
this is what you get for making house calls.
and im guessing one of the only sports.
you know what?
he found his way back to you once, walt.
i need a local.
veronica, michael is in there.
please make me real.
theyve got school, we got the mortgage.
you have a bullet wound.
you dont know that.
do you know where michael and walt left the stuff that they didnt take with them on the raft?
you got something, harry?
id like to go home.
im watching all of them, keeping them safe.
not you alone...
12,000. the other six when you arrive in los angeles.
we should go visit some of these towns, aang.
thats right.  i even had to lend you the quarter.
this is barber 52 in position for gun run.
baby. baby, im damn sorry for whatever happened.
brian loves you very much.
but they wont get anywhere.
shell be back.
i need to look through to the governing dynamics.
i said im sorry.
why would they be here? are you a celebrity or legend?
but you are not as charming as you think you are, sir.
are the people ready to proceed?
fate is gesturing me..
actually, you know, i could use some advice.
i really dont think they flew 90 billion light years to come and start a fight, and get all rowdy.
suddenly, you care.
moving out where?
you seem like a nice young man.
would you come with me, sir? hands in front. hands behind your head.
i dont know if you remember, but that summer before fifth grade, when i stayed with you a couple weeks, and you thought i broke your glass coffee table...
maybe they have a radio or some food!
in the 1950s, you had that spaceship.
just 120 and that too made in usa.
got it over there. i know you.
did she say anything?
i didnt realise you were so religious.
nine millimeter or rifle?
you should be dead, benjamin.
cant you say something instead of driving silently?
veins are like a wet noodle.
..and each of his british friends.
youll live miserably.
rizu, what are you doing?
what type of vehicle were they driving?
i mean, maybe... .
your first visit to metropolis, and youre involved in a police investigation?
i wanna go back sir.
you are less than a gnat to me.
same mission template as before.
theres something that we were meant to find.
they drop you all in, too?
god knows where.
hand me your gun, sheriff.
several suspects are being questioned.
go on say it!
look at this place.
hook the wife, take the husband for all the money. was pretty good at it, too, from what i hear.
now stop, woo jiggle it, just jiggle it
im from grimals tannery.
well, if you are too lame to do it...
if we get any questions that we dont want to answer, or that we cant answer, lets just keep our mouths shut.
dougy here, hes a real workaholic, you know.
victor, you were wooden!
let me take you to them.
im officer hale with juvenile court.
that pregnant lady fell down.
do youve atleast one formal dress?
the way he runs around, does whatever the hell he wants.
..just..just get me passing marks god..ill treat malati n sangeeta like my sisters..please save my results god..god..ill offer 100rs per month..surely god!
its the halfway point. theres 136 steps left to the shed.
id hate to think what that makes you.
take care of it.
put the sword down, caspian.
thus, his nose led him ever higher, ever further from mankind.
men are from mars, women are from venus?
ill let you ask me for your drugs three times.
thats a cool box.
except the nuke will not detonate at impact.
good for you, luke.
theres nothing you can do about it now.
drop your weapon.
i mean, maybe you just didnt know it was a combination.
when you burned the fuselage?
ill give you a fair wage and a place to stay.
she was out cold, and her hands were tied.
i checked on him this morning. hes sleeping like a baby.
heres your magic wand.
thats the only way ill ever distinguish myself.
theyre just goddamn trees.
and the moment had passed, for monica was sound asleep.
i think we should tell him everything.
..and you need a guitar and you have not one but three wishes.
hey, thanks for getting that story in the paper.
please let me go!
tehlgu people!  telugu?
sir, boss said that this shoot..
thats not your baby, is it?
ill see you.
i believe in being part of the solution, not the problem.
i am not a bad person!
you want us to take you back with us, fine.
you got it, right?
on the theoretical notion that they should stop looking
professor 2 congratulations, professor max.
nothing. couldnt sleep.
you drive for awhile.
nobodys life is perfect.
wheres ali and spencer?
remember, 25 big ones if you nail him.
that is a shortwave radio.
mary, wheres my little lamb?
if i dont...
i forbid it.  devon, you cant forbid it.
..to burn everyone to death.
and the second occasion has arrived in my life.
if you plan on running away with me, i must inform you
if you dont mind, mr. gray, can you tell me what happened to him?
lll start the car, you push it.
you shooting coke or something?
captain, spread the news.
especially that last one.
thats the only way got.
theyre feeling each other out like boxers in the first round of a title match.
united states marine corps?
ive never seen someone come back to life.
open my cage once, ill come and hit you.
what happens when people die?
your only chance of runnings getting on that raft, aint it?
you cant come up with a formula to change the way you experience the world,
when we all go over the rope, ill come back for her.
wheres he going?
cadmus labs. its worthless.
and somehow, his prison id ended up at the russians.
they left last night.
as though we dint invite you, you all might be from grooms side right?
and, john, if i come all the way out there and this turns out to be a waste of my time, im gonna castrate you.
l said go.
hey, if youre gonna puke, do it on the grass.
and besides that, homes, you dont drive worth a shit.
uh, im home tonight.
charlie, i dont want to come back.
i wont let them out of my sight!
and after theyve met me, no two are ever the same.
the bitch of it was i only had 108 minutes to bury the poor bastard.
and so the stranger, seeking companionship, finds the woman, much like the sirens of ancient times luring him to his certain demise.
thats an intriguing idea.
all right, im listening.
look at us, working together.
im getting sick and fucking tired of you.
i think you are scared.
what is the secret to your genius?
we should keep moving.
it doesnt matter. it was a failure. we closed the door and moved on.
if i get anywhere near the cradle, they tell me to scram.
im being a friend, hanna.
i took that too. thought it was cool.
his fathers dead. hes going to jail.
well, you all got a funny way of showing your appreciation.
i wanna know why you wont go back to the island.
all the hotspots, stuff like that.
later on, geoffroy will work with his father.
..she your wife and your child
ill see you tomorrow.
please come in the morning.
i thought the punk was gone forever.
well, we have to go check the rig.
just loose ends, kid.
thats quite a friend youve got there.
why dont you watch this very informative video that will answer some of your questions.
being married to someone in corrections... terrible job.
i got hung up back there!
dont boil the consomm, itll toughen the pheasant. emile!
or the time it would take to go out and get em.
morning, mr. locke.
i think you better have i.a. start an investigation.
im trying to get them into this gallery.
its probably worse.
you want me to do it?
i told dominic i was doing this two days ago.
its a gambit designed to turn fischer against his own subconscious.
you know, a lot of people look up to me.
and then, one by one, you build the trap.
thaaank yoouuu, sirrr!
falling down is not exercise.
arun hadnt even seen the lamp..
whats this, manager?
my first mistake. no.
im the happiest man in this world.
how do you even remember where you left off from?
she is a nice kid!
my parents lived with it, pretended it didnt matter, but amy wanted more.
i feel for the loss of one of our own.
whats the matter, cassandra?
i see him everywhere. everywhere.. everywhere..
carlisles gonna take care of you.
jack, its ok.
go to hell, doc.
large plumes of smoke are coming up.
thought to come to me and bargain for his life.
it killed them.
lm done. lts over.
you were just defending yourself.
well, since shes now going to rome and youre filing an injunction,
he went that way.
just taking him back to the barracks.
theyre goin down all over the world, tom.
there is no...
what do you mean her hands were tied?
you shot this man with no provocation.
youre about to be evicted.
im a projection of your subconscious.
do not use it except at your greatest need.
funny hair joel and his mama jenny are good people.
all right. toss your weapon down and get against the wall.
but there is in bucket.
..who knows how they plot ruses.
and when i tell people, i think im the cause, they they... they look at me like im nuts.
from past 5 years mom dint even buy one saree,
thought youd be pleased. i brought the story youve been waiting for.
but somebody elses photo in your wallet.
its just  oh, no. youre laughing.
25, this is 64.
you have cervical cancer...
well, if thas all, then youd better go run back to sam.
24 years can you believe that?
there are 100 different ways to skim off the top.
do what i say.
hey, howd he do that?
how dare you!
fine, but at least you should drink your milk.
yay!  im so happy!
are they good? i told you about people who brush you very well, its them!
watch out for rocks.
we gotta have something.
i dont belong here!
get him back, charlie.
and all this while i thought your wife wasnt alive.
im going in.
thank you all for your patience.
hes orange with a gimpy fin on one side.
you said we needed to keepthe signal fire burning.
my story would bore you.
we have to go.
how was i born?
yes, by myself!
what happened to lanas parents was a terrible tragedy.
but music doesnt understand any protocol.
what about your phone?
there has to be another way.
whats your name, boy?
you know what?
stop what, chico?
you are a magician from a circus.
then, you wont mind if i look.
mama jenny too asked me about sameer.
why did you come in?
youre a con man preying11 on the weak and needy.
any way around it?
ill send him out with it right away.
...nom de plume, i have a cb handle.
ok, i got him.
mr. keefe has a 7 am breakfast and the meetings at 8am sharp.
you can be wounded and ill heal you and save you despite the danger.
i fought my way back for you.
responsibility and all.
because to tell you the truth i dont give a shit.
i didnt do it.
are you born in mumbai?
no. we came back.
were going to stay with uncle philly at the lake for a few weeks. yeah.
move and i kill him.
no, brother, im not making the mistake that sister made.
yes, im treating billy miles and peggy odell.
it doesnt matter. it has nothing to do with us.
one short sleepe past, we wake eternally.
its some kind of a public works project.
according to this, shes right here.
where have you been? !
lll finish the job.
did you know that having a hangover is not having enough water in your body to run your krebs cycle?
well, hehe told me where to find you, and... said to take care of clementine... his daughter?
the hallelujah mountains?
couldnt find the address, staying with a friend.
after all, how many times are we gonna graduate high school? a party?
but the cabin was back that way.
well place the second antenna here.
its like someone is holding me by my collar.  this will not work out.
but you have to come with me now.  the baby isnt jins.
and then, when you and me run into each other again... youll owe me one.
this is my fathers sweater.
i have to get back to work.
theres a man, hes trying to jump from the balcony.
it is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now cooking at gusteaus, who is, in this critics opinion, nothing less than the finest chef in france.
theres no chance.
with a fairy hand in hand
who is this? who is this?
youve got too much work to do.
you assume im going to fail.
well, he was wrong.
you already know my name.
you are free.
i dont judge anyone by their fathers actions.
have you got any food on you?
its a cavein!
here we go.
there are other ways of finding out.
im here to save your life.
were trying to disable it before he can use it against us!
then well get our answers.
were not gonna talk about that.
we are currently experiencing a hurricane.
ill use it to remind you when we meet again.
he have some talent too, you know, i mean...
maybe all this is the truth.
what the hell for?
lost my leg that night.
what happened to me?
lets get out of here.
because i have a man on their boat.
you seeing anyone special?
here. here. you wanna find your damn question mark?
sayid said the battery wont last.
do you know david?
steering a raft?
he and dad tease each other too.
because soon victorias secret wont be a secret anymore.
the suns gonna set there, so that makes that west.
all i need is five minutes.
no. we stay together.
by now, those wolves will be dead, and laurent would have told her im unprotected.
his father is pestering to talk to him.
but what if you did?
get ready. the shows about to begin.
and then i read what killed them and i realized that id seen how the next person was gonna die.
kate, 6 hours from now, well be sitting on that boat laughing about the fact that there was one final thing that we couldnt agree upon.
looks like the pink team.
i think he pissed himself!
jack told you about us...
we have stirred up a hornets nest here.
its my house.
did you have him here on the island?
i missed my ride.
however, the airline has a policy that a man of your size must purchase two tickets.
what did whitney say?
every moment since we crashed on the island.
wheel this meat out of here.
it is an it.
come on, son, we dont have time to
tell her i said hi.
to tell them were engaged?
can you suggest a good wine to go with that?
do you know who she was?
but if i were you, id listen to mr locke.
we got one of those, down the block.
ill have to get my hands in it.
for any of them?
secondly, you know, ive been doing this for a while, and a man who buys a compact .357 with hollowpoint loads  hes not looking to scare or steal.
if you dont finish it in a month, ill clip a part of your sons body.
i do not see anything.
i knew the police wasnt going to tell us anything..
they dont know weve gone in.
i was afraid jake.
cause its not gonna take d.b. cooper to do what i need done.
there was an article in the journal of chinese medicine.
if i wanted them, i wouldve taken them before i told you where they were.
yeah? so then what were you thinking?
your father is still alive.
liar! thats what it said in the papers, but thats not what really happened.
and hell feel it?
plane crash. you both survived.
i got some packing to do.
this is not good, luke.
he died in last pushkar festival.
he just had a gun to your neck.
youre all acting like theres only two options.
whats he doing out here all by himself?
you want me to repeat that?
boss mustve installed it while we were sleeping.
sure, in a plane.
and your brother?
... andtalkedto thedeskclerk.
come on. thats amateur hour from top to bottom.
how can you not see it?
now, maria, theres two extra for supper tonight.
unfortunately, margaret, if youre deported, you cant work for an american company.
this is no ordinary place. youve seen that, i know you have.
he told about water and showed my home.
and its not what you do, its what you are.
frank can be a little scary to deal with. for you.
why are you in the masonry section?
what did he say?
like a sea bass.
a forgotten favorite of the chefs, sweetbread  la gusteau.
i think its for ben.
claire, what happened?
he has an army with him.
with tommys testimony, i can get a new trial.
and when he does, you dont want to be anywhere near me.
this planet is a game preserve.
it makes the world go round.
listen, dan, i know that you dont want anybody to get hurt, right?
dude, we dont understand chinese.
im sure it had nothing to do with the fact that lana is running it.
might not be a bad idea.
i had to see you.
norm, you good?
lll inform madam. lll wait here sir.
just open the gate, soldier.
shes just waking up this instant.
the man who got beaten up is praveen duggal, police circles say hes son of famous industrialist mukesh duggal.
i work there.
your mom is right, son.
damn it, youre gonna sink us!
i heard about the coach. pretty weird.
all we do is take, dad.
you unhand me, green devil!
talk about claire all you want. im gonna spend time with her.
eddie, open the gate.
alice my wife, she died of cancer.
no. claire nursed him five times.
what would i have achieved even if i had told truth.
i know when to get out.
ophelia is a most challenging role and your performance this evening was... impeccable.
what do you know?
im sorry. im gonna need you to move your car.
i hope we meet again.
thats only half the secret.
but one thing is for sure.
she would never...  yet here we are.
unless he found a way to timedelay the fuse on his rocket.
hes a good dog.
good afternoon, monsieur.
rose, you shouldnt be out here alone.
because you havent written it yet.
he could be beeras man, sir
you gotta be kidding me.
oh, god, no. music slows to a stop
its..  marry me.  oh, god. i want to kill myself.
i know this is gonna be hard to understand, but hes here to help us.
the insurance company will only release information to the policyholders spouse.
didnt you just do the run through the jungle with a walkie plan?
dinner at 8 p.m. or starve the night
now take a bath.
well, you got a little something in your eye there.
ive seen how you live.
why the sudden burst of sentimentality?
you see, im not gonna testify against markus kane.
i dont want to go away with carl.
anything i say will only make you angry.
priya, you dont understand.
you dont think we were too... you know.
just stay out of trouble.
no, youll be very much alive.
im sorry that i didnt say anything.
i cant believe you still wear that.
what did you do to her?
you seem to have disappeared for weeks,sometimes months,at a time.
trying to walk and chew gum at the same time again, bella?
together we have achieved a great many things.
then you really do care.
its not her.
i can get essam to turn himself in.
can you do that?
did you actually see this person?
the tombs in our country are better than that.
its a radio.
i mean, there is nobody that is forcing you to be here.
i dont know where youve been getting your intel, but i stopped caring about my father a long time ago.
hi, miss hattie.
but this isnt a life i would have chosen for myself.
do you know where fiona is?
he was an older boy, and he had a girlfriend.
a 2yearold could have written this. all right.
what do you mean?
thats my girl. okay, bye.
ok? im counting on you guys.
you beggar, dont waste presidents time by calling.
im a jew.
you know what they did to my family.
theyll never see us, its way too far.
then, wheres your big, happy family?
i just dont think youre going to have much luck convincing ballistics of that.  who the hell are you people?
dont answer. i know
ill keep the damn gun.
the budgets stretched thin as it is.
because they have no idea the risk theyve taken coming down here with you.
i dont know. am i?
see, im like eliot ness.
we go on marches sometimes.
can you hear me, jake?
mama jenny is right..
okay. here we go.
everywhere, his influence was destructive,
we have to go back to the orchid.
your shiite friends have already implicated you in the bombing.
not the baby blanket.
i could see why some of the boys took him for snobby.
dont you get on a carton, its gross!
i thought it was hilarious, girls.
he thinks somebody got my dad sick.
the citation reads, honor and faithfulness.
do you love miss austen?
ill tell you the moment were outside those walls, not a second before.
look into my eyes.
oh, that was, uh... um...
the dragon spirit talked to me.
something just happened down there.
bad trench. come on, well swim over this thing.
where she went...
its first tryouts,
i doubt it. look at the bones. nothing broken
hes staying with us.
dont. its not real.
i mean, the man coached my dad, all my brothers.
what... what evidence?
marlin.  bob.  ted.
i look better than the tree?
i owe that boy a big kiss when i see him.
but it hasnt been proven yet?
you mean, with real people and everything?
somewhere all these secrets start from that black magic and end at that black book.
no, i said payment afterjob is done.
that pretty much it, doc?  yeah.
well get to that.
is this what you are, soldier?
dont tell me to chill.
if you will not continue to push the button, john...
i must ask who sent you my way.
hey, hey, pay attention.
the guy next to him didnt make it.
he tore his a.c.l.
my stepfather actually encouraged me.
no, she made a decision, man.
he says he found it in the jungle.
will you ply to madras?
well, who are you?
you want money?
what happened to number seven?
burro is a demeaning name...
hi, im sanjay... sanjay singhania.
you think hes around?
we got a problem.
you know anything about boats, mike?
ive thought of nothing but you since you came to see me.
whitney, your mother called, and she filled me in.
what the hell to do with you.
my life is here now.
put the gun down.
as promised, you and i will be dining on fresh catch of the day tonight.
and im this familys aakhri pasta.
okay, ill get the blood type on the broken piece of glass and check it against amys.
i love you. i love you.
they cant hold out much longer.
finally a decent sound system
youre so stubborn.
i am the greatest criminal mind of the century.
this isnt toledo all over again, is it?
why? please dont go.
i see you are a curious one.
dont hurry me!
how could you think that?
i just didnt want to disrupt you from doing whatever it is youre doing.
hes recently retired.
thats what youre thinking about, isnt it?
all right, all of you, get up.
he isnt even photogenic.
i dont think you will be able to. you are scared.
im a mammoth!
take him back to michael.
it says quarantine on the inside of the hatch to keep you down here, keep you scared.
why are you being so mysterious?
ok, were out of here.
poet sanjeevani says
even for overacting, this is too loud!
may i ask you a question, john?
all the guests here are rich.
i miss you mandira.
keep your mouth shut, mr. linus.
capricorn and capricorn, so nice..nice...
why else would you sandbag me?
school teacher..he he he..master ji!
if i dont stop it, i wont be able to save him.
dont answer that... hey!
geoffroy will be the leader of his gang, which includes himself, rufus, alceste and me.
i remember a girl.
its easy foryou, sir
fed said he was trying to make it look like a robbery.
if youre not a member of the dharma initiative, then what are you?
and who are you to tell me that its not?
thats what this is.
thats okay, how far it has come?
..and then a few years ago, grandpa.
if we keep an eye out for signs of danger, i think we got a shot.
we really do not have time for me to try to explain.
they are shutting this entire hospital down saturday for renovation.
we cant do this.
i, for one, feel safer underground.
its aleyas wedding today and like i said she missed you...
what the hell are you doing?
i told her id fix her and... couldnt.
darling, come here quick.
hold this. no, no.
im aware of that.
i had no wish to be bought.
you always have amazing answers!
time is short.
marines, anything beyond this point, consider to be hostile.
georgina, im lily.
patients airway is severely compromised due to fume inhalation!
thats culture here.
it could indeed.
well, lets get this show on the road.
im getting you out of here.
if you want to find water, you must first find dirt.
youll miss a big opportunity if you dont come.
you know, anyone would think youre ashamed to be seen with me.
hopefully shes not far from here.
did you just say youre in?
come.. where... where.?
terrence steadmans company.
im a photographer.
smoking is not allowed.
where are you taking me?
she ran out in front of me.
your son must exact like him, if you want take another 30.
move along, deputy.
i know you dont believe me, but i genuinely want to help you.
before the game, the players pick a freshman take him and paint an s on his chest.
its the real thing.
thats a shame.
it said that the doctor washed up on the shore with his throat slit.
if a girl wears something new, she thinks its a date.
your dance partner?
someone drowning right in front of my hotel and i dont know about it.
what is my profession?
so, theres going to be a 48hour lockdown.
... at the time of the robbery.
if i could just come in, ill be glad to explain
hey, osamas son. bloody paki. get away.
its just a casual little meal.
david and jeanette.
i was buying a frozen burrito, and i thought, hey, i should play the lottery.
..by withdrawing from the atm.
and then also around the firing range and everything when i first came back and hear the pop, pop, pop id get jumpy and it would mess with me a bit and a little bit of a setback.
that is really sour.
ok, ok, please, fiona...
you should not be here.
have you spoken to lex?
not for the sake of your dignity, but for the love of your people.
all right, boys, lets pack it up. he aint coming.
maybe somebody got shot.
look at this. watch me!
what if i told you that i had a way to get the advantage back?
and the only way to bring them together was by your death, and you understood that.
well, if you need anything, just let me know. ok?
he died because of you.
youre being watched. we know everything you do.
i dont know...
my photo shoot got delayed...
and i promise my love to you.
youve given him enough.
thats the latest fashion.
considering my chores used to take five minutes and now they take two hours im all right.
every survivor died.
nothings been poisoned, thank god, but it hasnt been easy.
what do we tell him?
dad was just pretending to forget your name.
i dont understand why boys dont wear clothes like these anymore..
were right about to walk onto the most excellent secret beach on the island, and... surprise!
the problem was knowing that none of it was real.
i lost your number.
it wasnt planned, something came up.
oh, come on, its okay.
tommy williams came to shawshank in 1965 on a twoyear stretch for b and e.
last motherfucker who robbed the red sox like this was jack clark.
if not well go out. decide it now.
i told you they wouldnt see it.
what is it afraid of?
theres no way you can...
good night, veronica.
hi, sun. hi. im daniel.
will you be my girlfriend...?
ill bear pithres expenses.
can i have a sip? sure.
you do it.
hey, whats the occasion?
yes, were done.
oh, hes stuck.
your husband was in a headon collision with an suv.
just... just one thing.
and i knew that if i threatened to destroy his career he would, he would do just about anything.
do you believe this guy?
ok now listen take care ofthe shop i will be back.
how do you like that, motherfucker?
mrs. malkin, i must speak to your daughter.
you were born in a ghetto.
..exactly four years after that all men will die.
no one can even confirm that he was in this hospital.
you can say youre sorry.
i killed him.
your fathers gone, jack.
what do you want with me?
inspiration requires peace and tranquility.
youve never failed me, and i should never forget that.
i got no reason to fight anyone.
i was just playing.
its p. sherman, 42 wallaby way, sydney.
happy birthday to you.
if im right, theres a lady who works there who may be able to help me.
somebodys trying to kill you.
no flare gun. found the flares.
it could take as long as 10, maybe 12 hours.
i will not tolerate this any longer markus
go in the jungle, and get dynamite and blow open a hatch, and then hide everyone inside.
theyve decided about the sons name also.
what are you doing?
why did you do that?
stop it now.. poor guy is tensed!
its nothing im proud of.
sam, youre really...
its probably just a training exercise.
i could ask you the same question.
what do you mean, its okay?
barry, i need to talk to you.
let me think about it.
he wants me gone by tomorrow.
its kind of impromptu.
hey, listen, what about the c4 they used to blow the elevators?
i might also suggest you display a slight kink in your neck... since you were driving with your head against the window.
we are like dogs to our boss.
i wouldve followed the recipe.
can you guys give me a minute?
im gonna leave a note.
carved with blood.
eh, alaska could be fun, bea.
thanks for the invite though.
i know it.
just you know, there... there could have been people here before us, right?
cons got that rook guard in gen pop.
this is our anjali.
it wouldnt hurt.
but yours costs rs.2500.
i think ill hang back here.
look, i havent given up on your dog.
i cant fix this.
i love you.
did you kill my men?  oh god!
this is mr. fenton.
both are majors sons.
i was set up.
last time you had a sidearm...
vishal, i only forget to take the towel. but you..
daytoday, its where l thrive.
i cover girls, football and general guy stuff.
u got it 4 free..so tats it..now u wear your 18th century watch at dinner..
her name was sevaiyyan vermicelli pasta.
and youre not a terrorist.
and now murder. i dont believe it.
im going to need you to make some noise.
you saved a lot of lives, man.
why you stood by for half a millennium as william suffered alone in darkness?
shes supposed to come around for a conjugal on tuesday.
whats going on?
but im just saying, some things arent adding up.
all i needs a weapon.
but they have to upload the files.
my dad. is he here?
can you live with the fact that i shot this woman right in front of you, and you couldve saved her life by giving up and going home?
but for my daughters sake, to maintain this relation..
you shouldve saved her.
the question that you need to ask yourself now is, where do you go from here?
lana, i dont think im really up for this.
can i have the knife?
you can keep it.
come, ill show you once and for all.  lm done.
and it had to happen.
but you said if you took it out...
i mean card.
youre the one whos vulnerable in this situation right now.
something for mr. ziegler.
i went through avatar training with him.
sayid has a plan.
was that your family?
another mysterious force on the island revealed.
it always is.
my parents hadnt adopted me yet.
peanuts or pretzels?
..murder that man or drink the bottle of liquor.
well, this shit just got real personal.
ive a kid sister too.
hugo, you dont want to do that.
youve a visitor, sir.
you dont think i see what youre doing here?
we did. you dont remember?
we heard that you were in philadelphia, a school for the... visually impaired.
so it was you, trevor?
i think i have...
huh? huh? do you?
its gotta be at least 3.00 or 4.00 a.m. by now.
theres one over here, too.
what are you blabbering?
taking a dive at 10,000 feet with 1.5 million in cash in a hastily packed parachute, might make for a pretty rough landing.
locke said it didnt matter.
you can take it on rails and derailed too.
i calculated the drill point coordinates, hid them in my tattoo, and then projected them back onto the wall.
trevor, its clark kent. im here to talk.
good morning, mother.
frank, 777 just passed milepost 61.
god bless you, my son.
yes, well, i prefer to be left alone.
mr goenka has canceled for the day.
if the avatar had returned would that mean anything to you?
is that glass bulletproof?
what did you intend on wearing your first day?
not that one!
whats the problem?
they said find him. and for what theyre paying me,
i have a little favor to ask you...
yes i do, i understand perfectly well.
hes a great man, john, a brilliant man.
before i came here.
and she is really good at her job.
i need you to do the same thing to him that he was going to do to you.
no, she wants my role.
youre not helping me understand...
why are we stopping here?
he brought sawyer back.
there need to be consequences for those responsible.
its only the scared things that are worth touching.
karens got an uncle in australia.
get with the program.
it doesnt look good, but it is.
it cant be her.
oh, dear aladin.
did you tell her?
..then rizvan khan by the sheer force of his actions..
for48 days ls your monkeying around thanks to alcohol?
no..no crowning..its not coming..no sister.. please push
duncan,listen to me.
how i deal with my girl is my business.
you all so are like the cuckoo birds
im sorry. i didnt know.
its got, like, three fingers on one hand.
i was just being stupid. hurt.
if you want my help, you have to remain calm.
i think he did it just to feel normal again if only for a short while.
this is a woman who blew up her own shelter. now she talks about black smoke and hearing whispers.
right.  do we have an admirer?
i need my car.
wel thats all right,freckles. i aint gonna hold it against ya.
i will climb up through your blood... and sit beside you.
how dare you call my boy friend as your husband.
im prepared to face such things and entered this field.
i wasnt in jail.
all right, well name this half marlin junior... and this half coral junior.
and throw them at the telmarines.
your new phone is activated.
i am helping, short round... keeping watch for arsonists.
who are you?
now listen to me mr.raichand...
hello?  mr. reyes? lapd.
i remember a lot. like why youre dressed up so nice?
and both brothers survived the plane crash,
you said we were chosen.
no, i was set up.
is this guy really a doctor?
sir, he doesnt know the way to anywhere
get out here, asshole, i got your friend.
the truth is, im just a guy who tried to do the right thing!
thats the only thing i have.
you dont need to worry about that just yet.
oh, youre feeling sorry for me.
all animals feel fear..
were going to get home.
well, now youre...
listen to me very carefully, john. im not gonna have time to repeat this.
not that i dont appreciate your attempt at postmodern chivalry, but i said i was fine.
can i talk to her?
nick savrinn, as of now, both of you are dead.
um, excuse me.
i need for you to file this fiance visa for me, please.
you shouldnt become what i am.
yes, but how do you prosecute a case like this?
i knew you were behind this. you pretended to be clarks friend, but youre not.
do you really think you can do all that bullshit you just said?
anybody lose this?
im constable vyjayanti. from bombay municipal hospital.
the security system all runs through this junction box.
kimberly? thats his wife.
ahaana, relax. relax!
i dont care what happens.
kill your husband.
ill.. just go to the bathroom.
dont test me, cabron.
looks like a guy in our building
i will pray for her.
youll beg for death, but you cant die.
now be still. you gotta look presentable to meet your maker.
so, you were coming here?
i need to know if a plane landed on the island.
ohhh...what poor things.
nobody is alive in rasools gang, he killed all of them.
you go after him now, hell give you nothing.
what if i want to see the baby?
come on, lets go!
i trusted you.
ive come from bunder.
and what is it you do?
who was that donkey?
im leaving you, khan.
no. ben wasnt even there when i left. he was already gone.
so im not giving up.
its not worth it. you worried hes gonna shoot me if i ask?
hey in our village there was a watchman...
i just want to be married to you first.
had you fallen under the car?
chari, come here.
i didnt tell him it was your idea.
raj, come here!
clean this mess up.
it means you dont get the unicorn!
no, to find saito.
are you interested in current affairs?
ive lost my value.
whats wrong with him?
bring a rope!
ladys finger 12 rupees and caulli flower 10 rupees hehheee atleast we offered you some food unlike your hungy father hitler qureshi hanh hanh your mom is mother teresa right?
roger that, mr. lafleur.
what are you, a doctor?
anything i can do, i will do.
but the point is, i didnt.
why is it a trebuchet?
he was in a van with the gear.
he became nandinis lifeline and yashs dream was fulfilled.
how we gonna open it?
yes, im a mouse.
im doing what i have to do.
i wont go to sun, jin, but she might find me.
i dont know.
how did he know you would survive?
ill cut your leg. dirty face! wheres my bag?
yeah, tell me about it.
madhavgarhs political agents daughter?
sit down...sit down i say!
ok. i got you now.
melissa wanted to get settled before classes start.
come on, doctor. i got into a bar fight. aint that a badge of honor in this country?
that id go to italy and provoke the volturi.
six wardens have been through here in my tenure, and ive learned one immutable, universal truth
im going to die, arent i?
oh, im afraid to look. bills, bills, bills.
whom did you kidnap?
if you give scofield preferential treatment, itll undermine your credibility.
its an impressive talent, though.
better that way.
it was all zanes idea
michael cannot sense we know he is lying.
i dont know if you can run that fast.
it poked a hole in my juice box.
youre gonna take a break?
you just couldnt stay away, could you?
id like to see this shrink ray.
i was thinking that if we were living at the caves, we could build a damn around that spring so that everybody could have fresh water and we could get the infirmary off the beach.
it is our destiny to have found this information, zhao.
all right, were clear.
then consider yourself one of the good guys.
the helicopters here.
get him out of there!
we arent friends enough for me to confide in you.
its on the web.
my best guess?
i asked her. you ought to try it. getting up off your butt.
follow the dirt track, 100 yards back, theres a tree fort.
you can wait 5 or 6 years.
do you know anyone here?
i just passed along the mural.
he did not differentiate between what is commonly considered to be... good smells from bad.
sorry, dont try to convince me.
i promise you.
id say its half full.
we both have done this mistake.
many cycles ago.
con man took my dad for everything he had.
huh? whos your daddy now, motherfucker? whos your daddy now, motherfucker?
why are you in my apartment, alan?
lance corporal desmond david hume, your sentence is hereby complete, and you are now and forever dishonorably discharged from the royal scots regiment of her majestys armed forces.
you just keep quiet...
check it out.
they say that you devote your whole life to pleasure.
i cannot believe this shit!
thought you finished that last week.
then well rally at the crash site. roger!
you have got great hair.  okay. okay.
were you working?
one, two, three... push!
just tell him to stay the hell out of my business.
a week later, he shows up with five bullets in him because someone shot him in cold blood.
she actually cornered me today and asked if she could come live with me and nell.
and your familys good name is restored.
you and your little friend cassidy.
i was... stricken.
take off your shrug, please.
i just know this is what happens if you dont invite me in.
have you seen the campus yet?
i was supposed to meet him, but he didnt show. i thought he was with you.
its nothing like an old school safety brief to put your mind at ease.
i loved someone... once.
everything thats happened between us in the past six months, all of it, that was real.
why do you cover the tank?
good night, sir.
a boat? hey, ive seen a boat.
something happened to him in iraq.
you can have more than two hardboiled eggs.
youre gonna meet me half way, in saint louis.
my mum is in the back, eating biscuits.
bunch of vampires trying to kill me.
at any rate, we land, we meet my guy, and even if we dont find the person who tipped off the cops, we find his phone.
did you come to disinherit me?
and he said that i had to come back.
man, this is unbelievable.
i was in the place, the eye does not see.
i think you can handle him.
my mummy told me not to tell this.
bloody eighteenth century watch?
and dont forget to try the dipping sauces.
how is that possible?
sure is humid down here.
make it around the clock. i want it done. i want it done within the next 48 hours.
then i chartered a plane.
im sorry, i just, i cant believe youre here.
im guessing you have.
i believe stevie once said you were an animal in bed.
that and that.
they had a manifest.
my soninlaw has been your assistant for 4 years, have you ever paid him a rupee?
my brother, boone, hes not really my brother.
ulhasnagar sindhi association.
sher singh.. this is genius.
im sure you consulted a rogues gallery of qualified professionals.
chloe was born for this job.
what is your message, mr. khan?
if the situation gets any more conspicuous, the volturi will step in.
emmett and paul had a misunderstanding.
neither are they.
you dont worry sir, if you say yes, your son will marry on the same day at the same time.
edward, whats wrong?
benjamins engineers should be able to give us a pretty good idea where the work was done and by whom.
because hes not running a college, but a factory.!
come on. move it. thats the stuff.
its like i was born to lead, right?
yeah, but still
well, we cant work based solely on rumor, can we?
turn that off.
mom. not cool. and here, hes all dressed up in his sunday best.
this has to happen.
im gonna check the back.
now it all makes sense.
all im saying is they got people who handle these things.
yes, we should help her, we should help her.
i dont know, but it just doesnt look like hes trying to hurt her.
why? we had to.
its gonna be ok. grouper
well, rose, most of us dont.
he says he knows you. okay, sir.
money, right there!
shouldnt have roughed up that drug dealer, you know?
he couldve told us where he came from.
what are you gonna eat?
hey lets go meet david, come ill show u, ofcourse of course
if you got a taste for life, toe the line of happiness
scofield had the entire thing on his body how to get out of that prison, how to disappear afterward.
why didnt you tell me, dad?
sir, these people have raised me.
i got this for you.
how to find jin?
most new fish come close to madness the first night.
happy birthday, terry.
yes, kate, hes fine.
want us to lower you down?  where would be the fun in that?
let me through!
how the hell did you know that?
eagle lost, honor lost.
what do you want?
what, dont you trust sayid?
yes, you were.
would you prefer this?
i dont believe in luck.
i swear, you put your hands on her one more time...
i liked it, so i brought it for jenny.
... stretchedoutnaked in the sunlight...
thats for sure.
i didnt know you had it in you.
a little bit crazy.
ill have a vodka soda.
you are angry.
youre not kidding.
we have to..  well plan jarrod.
they said i chose the same four objects that belonged to the previous avatars.
how many cars are we supposed to cut in?
i love your bag, by the way.
i was never really good at homework.
jack... look at me.
pete thinks im being too hard on coach walt.
they got another one, sir.
i got missing college girls
after what you went through in the riot, i thought you might take a day off.
guess we get left behind, clark.
and dont call again! do you understand?
where are you going?
that is a transfer request.
help me get those chains off!
theres no problem if you dont.
ive been meaning to talk with you,
theres nothing more we can do here!
so whenever you see your children after birth they dont survive.
theyre planning something big.
hold on, buddy.
strangely, i could never repair abbu.
you seem to have made an impression on my friend clark.
jack asked me how i knew, knew for sure that this man was lying, how i knew for sure that he was one of them, one of the others.
and from what i hear, the icy alaskan terrain looks looks just like that.
no one will talk to me.
but there were bite marks on the victims neck.
he eloped with the girl for her.
and what am i supposed to do?
..want to take those photographs down?
and keep it down.
well, if you knew anything about nature, youd realize one always goes down.
id better get to school.
i dont know what you are talking about, babe.
i can still make a deal for you if you cooperate.
i probably know more than you on the subject.
parties are fun, and its tempting, but...
listen. i had no right to question your honesty.
if youll be busy, everything will be fine.
you talked to seans dad? mmhm.
youre a doctor, right?
we made a mistake.
thats not work. thats a joke.
thats a nice beach down there.
oh, please! we lied about drinking.
i know what youre talking about.
if you are what you eat, then i only want to eat the good stuff.
anyone else want to walk with him?
why dont you tell me the rest of it?
there you go. congratulations. lets hear it for team c.
and you brought us all here.
you see? ! he is a spy!
programs are disappearing. soon none of us will be left.
we got to get on that street, and we got to move!
will you help me, ilana?
i can hear her, you know?
did i find a flaw in your perfect machine here?
lf you need anything
sire, i have good news.
come on, come on.
what if you were back right now?
take notes if you want to, susan.
were not getting out of here.
you want a list of his priors?
why did they have to come north?
but i cant do this...
just waiting to serve me with this restraining order.
im not saying youre not looking.
you told her?
yeah, me and barry were actually gonna go grab lunch.
dont fire that thing so close to my head.
hes gone, youre gone.
no. you should see a trichologist.
i just want to know what the longterm plan is.
ill see you in hell before i see you in reno.
im not safe anymore.
i need to know now.
we will now take you live downtown...
is it true hes only scared of them hawks?
i just remembered.
what? sea turtles...
working on it.
i can stay if you...
you left it in my tip jar the other night.
he suffered from some kind of posttraumatic stress.
if it was natural causes, maybe something was missed in the postmortem.
thats the way its supposed to be!
she is just a projection.
i need you to tell me where all this is coming from.
but where we just process the image of a lamp, they process everything.
he said if he doesnt get the money, then..
theres no need to... freak out.
she isnt your girl?
..but you two were missing and the hotel was full.
cause he wasnt worth a nice pair of shoes to me.
a psychological experiment.
dont blame it on the damn numbers.
please. ...make me real.
come on, come on. move, move, move.
so you do have plans?
sachin, meet mr sanjay.
she cant do that...
you have my sympathies. whitneys not even here for backup.
but still not the mans own prints.
why am i doing all the talking?
i think youre the only person who sees me for who i truly am.
mr. kishor samtani.
so does the government.
he obviously means a lot to you.
can i help?
im coming back...
you wouldnt care if i ate myself to death.
better safe than sorry. is there a problem?
do i know you from somewhere?
its the only way that ill ever
too easybreezy? too selfhelpful? you hated it?
repeat. youre breaking up.  we have lost visual.
yes, my book.
you have the perfect life.
he didnt die.
you want money or reason?
at this rate, well have to close the doors in a month.
we all got a role to play, and youre part of this.
get another lamp.
i saw it ln his tent
take a break. eat some fish.
there you are.
apparently, one of the guys had some type of an accent.
i havent talked to him.
im sorry, i screwed up. were on the lake.
no. im okay. really.
hi. so youre jennys dance partner.
i was thinking that i might go with you... for old times sake.
jasmine kinda has a thing for dolphins.
as she was driving me home, i asked her if she regretted adopting me.
another protection detail?
and without a bedtime story, well just keep getting up and bugging you. all night long. fine.
you aint gonna use that.
well, then you should have little to fear.
although the investigation is still ongoing paramedics pronounced daniels dead on the scene.
fate has always given me bad luck.
hes been taking care of theresa ever since this happened to her.
and you think im sort of beautiful?
hows it possible when the person you like is near everything around appears like them?
see you at the airport.
i play bass in drive shaft.
why is it like that?
not like you.
what did i have when i came to america?
get me down.
okay okay i get it...
but when i come back?
in his book, how can a robot become human?
boone, you gotta have some faith.
jonesy, abort. abort. get out of there.
i am not dressed properly.
i dont have time.
its smoky here.
im not leaving.
bandits on our tail!
hes seen us.
if i were jasmine, even i would have dumped you.
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls and children of all ages.
at that point, i fired, struck the suspect at least once or twice.
theyre different tracks, fresh.
you and your kin are coming with me.
priya, you were born in a place thats surrounded by water.
i found out about what whitney did to you, the whole scarecrow thing.
think of the lives you will save.
last time mom and i played, we lost.
sir... oh, but no...
including that very special room.
25 cents at happy hour.
you know, answering phones, after school and on weekends.
all right,im gonna take a look at that.
its no use. i bolted it shut from the inside.
in tat case, mr.raju rastogi..
i think god felt i cant raise two children and took away one.
she is working.
my mom hit him somewhere around here.
ten past 1 2.
have a little fun?
he said i hadnt given him a good enough business reason. sounds kind of harsh.
what are you doin?
something like that.
now, recreate the soup.
im just up here on the corner.
the team that identifies the maximum number of animals wins a prize.
you gotta get back. you gotta get back.
you just got a bullet in the leg.
you were hired to protect charles.
one lap to go, luke. this is it.
i kind of got to like you.  what?
your show me.
she was on flight 815.
whos she gone with?
sajid don kidnapped jenny.
shes a wicked witch.
what was her name?
bartender gets a call you pick up a package at point a, deliver it to point b the florist gives you c?
lets organise every plane we can find and get us some goddamn pilots to fly em.
well, how do you like this for adventure?
you already told me which way the boat was going.
.... take this peemail freely from us pigeon..go go go..
youre probably better off. seans a total dog anyway.
i wanted to make sure it was safe before giving it to you and the baby.
i m looking for peter grenning...
those batteries  they wouldnt be able to produce enough power to transmit your distress call all these years.
treat me better.
yeah, i can.
catch the ball, vincent. good boy.
no, not as you think.
pick a card, priya.
she gave us first aid,water,found food,made shelter.
how about me?  how about you?
max kasich. and yes, i knew him a long time ago in metropolis.
go ahead pop the trunk.
its normal.  and he hasnt been eating at all...
said we should try again.
yeah, i dont hear it now.
and dig ourselves an onramp.
i, um, kind of sleep in the middle too.
i dont know you.
not the comet, well catch the reflection of the comet.
get over here!
i think its a big deal.
whatd you say?
squidlauncher! oh, yeah!
going behind my bare back!
i cant talk right now.
were ever helpless to meet.
ive got it covered, john.
why are you standing on stool?
did you hear what i said?
whats your offer?
today is one of those days i just want to scream.
do you hear that music?
she took it?
i heard what happened.
i dont know.
except kwan made me the new editor.
is it real?
but i realize only now do i truly understand what he meant.
well, i found this picture of harry from the 40s.
you got to trust me.
im tired of being the baby.
miss amanda curran?
i dont think weve heard the end of this.
and i think your ammi had a lot to with it, zakir. good morning.  good morning.
i cant hear you! railroad safety campaign!
student die less in sickness and more in suicide here sir something is going wrong rightt sir?
do i taste good?
yes, i woke up before them,
no need of his acceptance, lets go head, aunty.
but from where did silencer get ranchos address?
we dont have a longterm plan for the button, but we keep pushing it, dont we?
he made this herd and... wed be nothing without him!
the baby was conceived eight weeks ago. you got pregnant on the island.
colin, come in here.
because i ran.
and two men sat in viewing chairs and filled notebooks with observations on what happens in here.
what you dont know is...
you just move your lips.
if you just give us our next step, we will be out of your hair and on our way.
do you want some snappers to go with that?
i lost some of my hair as well.
there we go. and now we drink.
so this is the little nicholas.
were through. we got a hole.
maybe got a range of a hundred miles.
we just want to say to you that we love you very much.
marry me. marry me. liked it so much?
sir they r still writing!
may my love for you surpass that ofthe lord
you can still keep your promise.
say another word, and youre dead.
she told me of many problems.
its time to take the nuptial round.
oh, great, cause we love to snuggle.
way to tie up a canoe
depends what you want.
that would defeat the purpose.
hes gonna be fine.
no, i checked.
had written off gusteau as irrelevant since the great chefs death,
maybe its just a part of your development, like xray vision or maybe the lightning had something to do with it, i dont know.
and maybe he wouldnt have done it... if i hadnt been so tough on him.
he was too afraid.
you are going to fix this, joe. i mean it. fix it now.
look, theres four of us
shes tons of fun... and you are no fun at all!
there was only one thing the perfume could not do.
l know, im just not seeing it.
stay out of it.
ok... im sorry!
water... cold water.
what the hell is that smell?
well miss you, picky picky.
he was building it.
ellie, can i have a dog?
where is the silly goose?
if you dont kidnap devi today, we wont get another chance.
i heard a rumor he was trying to buy our farm.
you were my selfrespect.
hey, i dont dive.
shes not my girlfriend.
seems you like interior decorating.
craven has already reaped the rewards of his own misdeeds and viktor, he deserved his fate many times over
one moment hes just moving ahead of me, the next moment hes gone forever.
not girls exactly like me.
there is no point in wasting our time on aladin..
hes a dirty cop.
im sure theres many many other things, but thats all i can come up with right now.
i am sitting in bangkok!
know all about it.
ill see you in the morning.
got it going.
growing up with kwan, the air force would seem like club med.
...with videoconferencing and internet.
maybe he knocks her around a little bit, so she marries him, because, you know, thats what happens.
what do you do, alice?
its nells big night. i was just telling clark it wasnt important.
im just driving off the car, sam told me i could borrow it whenever i wanted to.
how long since your last fix?
thanks for the sling, kate.
its not an island.
i was working a gang shooting over in glassell park, and my partner and i, we traced the shooter back to his girlfriends house.
well, maybe you wont sign them.
we dont know where they are.
softly victoria plans on killing you slowly, painfully,
the fumes must have ignited the fertilizer in the truck. i should have checked it better.
i think its from your parents.
she doesnt even remember ethan.
youd better come quickly.
canvas tents and teepees.
look, id better get out of here before something else comes down.
ill need a credit card.
were going to hold the perimeter and were going to hold the strongpoint.
bella, you have to understand.
everybody has secrets, ryan.
their eyes, their little games.
be relaxed and easy... confident.
this black book will ask for your blood to fulfill your desires.
he has to travel a great distance.
and that khandala number is one ofmy favourites.
i am taking my little boy to the amusement park.
but it was on this crazy island.
i guess youd like to see the big tamale, huh?
i havent even told you the best part.
even if you tried to, it wouldnt work.
how come i got to stay back here?
had to see if it worked.
how does it work?
im telling ya.
you know the devastation william caused before he was captured
i dont know.
why are you shy? why are you scared?
john, you cant.
please dont say that.
what can we do?
im very superstitious when it comes to flying.
well, i am here to put those rumours to rest. they are true. in terms of money, we have no money.
how many different languages do you have to read that in before you believe its true?
one thing at a time.
has been in the best interest of all of us.
youre very mischievous.
and no dream is ever...
vishal, you are in the office and you are calling from your cell.
dont normally find you here at this hour.
its kind of a long story.
oh. you got to be kidding me!
honestly, i dont care about your technique.
everythings under control, but you should go back to the infirmary building.
ringmaster wanted the lamp..
this guy is too vulgar u have given ur  in the hands of this rapist
im guessing exmilitary. black ops.
camera. rotate on the eight count.
if i dont want to be dead? your past has come back to haunt you,mike.
i can fix you some eggs.
that is the kind of hero i can be sometimes.
those arent my vows. those are hers.
and i am not going to let that happen.
i didnt do anything!
even though you mean the world to me.
can you lend me some money?
salves, for ringworm infections.
the bell is ringing. door opens the eager young minds of tomorrow.
you did a good thing, saying what you said... and taking care of everybody and
no, you didnt.
i woke up, and shes...
not only that, theyve planned to elope also.
i have my reasons, and i dont want to put it out there.
when will you be back?
yeah, dont worry, dad, im feeling great.
thats how he beat it.
actually shes completely mad.
down the aisle to your left.
you wouldnt happen to have my slipper, would you?
ill do it.
sooner or lather though...
prove it. sorry?
i donunderstand it.
its old, you know.
i know you dont trust me, but you need to get off this island. we all do.
i saw a prescription in his bag for amlodipine. its a
same height, same build, same everything.
i see a big future ahead of you in politics.
projectors in the pantry.
..whatever you did.
i havent felt the baby move since yesterday.
it might be too late for my soul, but i will protect yours.
i dont want to have the moucheboumes over.
not this time.
wait, youre losing me.
i was crossing the street.
lets just go, okay?
are you ready to talk?
only way to get from portland, oregon, to brigham city, utah, in seven hours was in a car, breaking every land speed record known to man, or flying.
what about you?
i do not know, how are you?
someone found fibonacci.
i dont swim. i dont swim.
but she leaves all the money. she just takes the plane.
whats in the crate?
the leaders the strongest!
my boyfriend was having surgery, and i just want to see how much longer its going to be.
you remember when you said i was all you ever wanted?
some of its vague, some of its guesswork, some of its concrete.
then enjoy...the flood!
want to come with me?
it was a dream, shannon...
its a hell of a picture, lex. it really boosted our sales.
with respect, sir ive been with your family for two generations.
but not by hanging this suicides sword on ur head!
dude, i gotta say, i didnt think we were gonna get through the night.
you said you was on leave for the fourth!
now only one question remains.
but it didnt burn.
i dont say that to all the women.
ill give it to my son, if youve guts take it form him.
and what are you eating?
i never have to listen to you ever again.
um, we should probably go dance while we can... cause the band has a curfew, so
youre not gonna leave it like that.  no, no, no.
your time starts now
does it look like i speak korean?
he could be playing it down.
tell her i love her.
im just kicking it with deputy dawg, you know... talking women.
there has to be someone. its the ocean, silly.
who is this dirty rotten face?
as for her friend, whoever that is, we find out what he wants, we play nice, we deal with it accordingly.
achieve success in your career.
well investigate this.
come on! quickly!
humors not his strong suit.
i hear you sail at dawn?
..but to look for her love lmmy that separated three years ago.
so i came to london and opened this casino..
check to see if he has anything else on him.
thats not what you said when you were going on about dams
whitney, we need to talk.
ill, uh, send you an autographed copy of, uh, my cd, then you can listen when you want.
you can barely walk, man.
look, man, im trying to put my life back together, okay?
uh, my department, and this is aria,
i forgot to tell you something.
i like nemo. nemo.
was that a joke?
now, the particulars are still being examined, but authorities are far more focused on the potential destruction that would result if train 777 were to derail in stanton.
we told the rest of our group that we would meet them at the creek. if theres any chance of reconnecting with them, wed better get moving.
people are capable of anything...
well, what about me?
he is planning to kill you.
its almost time to go.
can you keep wells out of s.t.a.r. labs tomorrow morning?
we gotta communicate.
where is my sister?
..by your lord bernard shaw.
i see everyone getting along famously.
good job, vincent.
stay your blade!
we gotta go, fellas. we gotta go.
cmon... i dont think such a man exists in this world...
he asked me to trap your sister in love, sir.
where did rizvan khan go?
is this washer and dryer newer than everything else in here?
you really dont think i can catch a fish?
i was wondering if there was any way you could,
it would just go away.
your aunt told me.
i know you cant understand a word and normally im not the talking out loud type but since i have a captive audience
you said people like him dont like people like us.
hes cracking jokes.  jokes? my foot!
but weve already paid three days rent for the house.
tell me about it.
please, try to stand.
you want to get into my business?
our friends here got word... that chavezs gang may attempt to break him out during the transfer.
im a bit lost.
mineralogists dont have fans.
sweetie, are you ready for me?
what shall we do now?  lets act as if we dont know him.
shes in that unknown world.
get me a stretcher!
could you put it on the bill, please?
what are you gonna do then, chavez?
what is that? what is it? um, uh, excuse me?
airlocks over this way.
what do you mean, everyone else?
my key witness spoke to her daughter yesterday,d now shes got cold feet.
a chance of life outside these walls for one simple task.
ill behead him.
the joints are overloaded.
look, you stay here and do the trial work.
do the math.
last names rippner.
can i steal the prince from you for a moment, angela?
why?  whats the matter?
ive got it. just close that for me.
is that true papa?
missile impact in 20 seconds.
claire but theres nothing here.
ive seen it heal the sick, but never once has it done anything like this.
im fine.  of course you are.
you dont look very happy.
we havent been able to find out who he is.
what was his name?
give me a shot.
thank you thank you but sir even i told the same in simple language..... if you like simple language..
tell him to let go, freckles. we already made out.
thats what im talking about bitch.
michael wants to keep it small.
our biggest heist yet, and you, you dont seem too jazzed.
barbara, i dont understand it.
in a move anticipated by many, reynolds announced she is running for the presidency.
and the only reason anyone expects anything from me now is because of you.
my fathers airplane.
ok, this is just silly.
your future daughterinlaw.
its not something an adult would have done.
my eyes express the feelings of my heart.
i am inclined toward probation.
they just took a vote. even the new mom wants you dead.
i found your office under the arcade.
the winter of lucians escape, your father knew too much or too much for viktor to risk
clark told me all about you.
he mustnt design another one.
we will talk about it later.
when the temperature reaches 212 degrees, you will be boiled alive in your own bodily fluids.
it wont be.
i used to think perseverance was an admirable quality.
its not too late to go back.
we have some veal stomach soaking, yes?
emergency responders want to halt all activity near the line and possibly evacuate all homes within a mile radius of the tracks.
just watch up!
were getting out the back.
soon enough aint gonna cut it.
india vs england... at the oval.
ive got something to sell. something rather valuable.
ive seen you stare at your fathers picture in that trophy case.
the raft goes with the wind.
i will give you the money for the vaccines.
why are you bothered when we dont mind it?
i know what to do.
what do you mean, he just wasnt here?
why would they lie?
very many congratulations.
there were other survivors,too.we just left them behind.
starting with a wedding.
youre just gonna fall asleep.
i mean, youve never shown any interest in this store before.
its a little more complicated than that.
i had this drawer where id throw in all my change.
give me the fucking key!
no, we already tried. that was from the front.
screaming kid next to me in first class. how does that happen?
alright. thats right, hooters.
well need to do something about that.
talk about not letting it go.
to me its just a madeup word.
were in the south pacific.
till now you acted for them, now you continue it for me.
she told me your hands were shaking.
what could it be?
hey, are you sure about this?
i took you more for like an nsync fan.
previously on lost
you werent here.
mrs. pitt, would you care for a car wash today?
just you. oh. isnt this something?
washington and new york squadrons report lockon.
ill be back in onetwo days as soon as i finish work.
take care of yourself.
your dads right.
were going home.
ill turn her into style queen katrina kaif.
only whats on the surface.
all right, ill see you back there.
give me that.
weve been trying to get ahold of you.
and couldnt endure the shock.
you could look like me, though.
so i used to imagine maybe thats where she went.
right. do it again, but see it.
its light does not blind me, nor its heat sear me.
it makes me feel isolated... alone.
no can do, man.
eagle five at three.
how late were you at the hospital?
talk to me!
i thought the point was to get walt back.
hey! take bella back to emilys place.
shes too great a risk.
charlie, wheres jack?
buy me a glass of that scotch, and ill tell you.
we need to bring in some new blood.
or the biggest.
and i fucked them both.
here, take these waters.
cervical cancer has protective measures but mayas case...
hey, im your friend too.
what about you?
god knows where its.
he is running away.
previously on lost...
priya, dont you have one thats exactly the same?
lets get out of here.
i cant give it to you, cause im not him.
were thieves, dad.
put your weapons down.
because youre in love with me.
would you do me the honor?
i want a gun.
wait, whats this?
and if this goes off,
i needed to know who we were up against.
ordering deux filet.
even when you checked me out when we were naked.
you just keep on surprising him.
oh look, your fathers home!
i think the holes in her head.
any home which is based on lies
well meet again.
drivers license, passport, social security number, bank account, will all be erased.
do not attack!
we have to get out of here.
you silly fellow, dont kill me with your butler english.
lll kill myself.
they let any old riffraff into this place.
how close are you gonna keep her?
john thinks im a russian spy.
you sure it wasnt an accident?
you have a conference call in 30 minutes.
im in the process of reevaluating my life.
norton had no intention of going that quietly.
take a sip.
actually he had a very bad day.
wait. where are you going?
i apologize for disturbing you at this hour, but i need your help.
you will find what i want right there dad.
his dream is now my purpose.
no, were talking corporate finances, lex, not your pocket money.
fucking southie kids.
sit around and pray that those idiots are gonna find my boy?
are you a little girl...?
the girl who took money just now lost control and fell in love with me.
mom! and get justice for my father.
i guess i dont like being the center of attention.
theres something about inner beauty that....
right to the north. right there. over.
i have something i think you should see.
maybe on a beach.
dont ever say his name again, ever!
this is because i came.
okay, okay, okay, give up give up!
unless they think hes dead, theyll come back to finish the job.
and well grab an icecream on the way.  yeah.
with that i heard someone crying from the first floor.
immy, this is priya.
god, what do i do?
sullivan, is this your idea of a joke?
im grateful to be here today.
i do good deeds.
brother, ive found out..
just get away. you get away from us!
i did my research.
so youre in 8hour shifts, 12hour?
and we did speak.
..lets talk about the comets passing which might just be the..
..we wouldnt have done so.
so what really happened? lost season 5 episode 13 i need to see her.
why are you not stopping?
do you really think its her?
whatever i said in anger at that time got engraved in that girls mind as curse.
i think shes going to see it for herself.
i let him down.
the ring of fire!
squeezed you in under the wire, huh?
this may be your engine. but its my goddamn train.
didnt it ever tell you things?
you have a minute?
kris, you could do 30 years for walking in the door.
is she all right?
come on, come on, come on.
i still love you.
let me give you some advice for free.
did the spirits tell you anything?
and where wil u focus on today?
then i want to know your name.
hugo, what are you doing with that?
can you write a script for...
youre making a big mistake, dude. its his to make, hugo.
i dont think schools a good call right now.
its empty anyway.
whats wrong with that?
and then i... then i woke up and i was...
when you wake up, youre gonna get a kick out of me feeding you like a baby.
how did you find this?
whom u call a devil! ..
youre not supposed to be here.
thats it, today at seven oclock..
if its victoria involved, i need to keep you as far away from the fight as possible.
i was hoping to get assigned to another rig.
but the fact was mentioned again...
just have to go deep enough.
i wont count to three. not even to one.
do you think its gone for good?
why are you seeing behind? your brother is here, look at me.
its all gonna be okay.
im cool with that.
stay with me.
i know your farms in trouble, mr. kent. small town.
or maybe it was just our destiny. right, john?
he says the site is closed.
i just... had to stop and get something.
ahchoo! whoa!  ha ha ha!
i dont know what to do.
come here, i got you.
were too heavily sedated to wake up that way.
im sorry, hugo, you dont get to quit.
i appreciate you showing me the way, but i think i can take it from here.
you know how he likes it.
either way, i wont be needing it.
couldnt tolerate his torture. he tortured us.
what are you saying, brother?
you got things backwards, pervert.
can you hear everything people think?
whoa. you all right?
they must have a protective shield over the hull! knights, pull up!
deceitfully killing 4500 pindaris.
i certainly could.
the people on the island want to talk to their friends,make sure theyre all right.
are you going with him?
she got to you too, huh?
it lowers my insulin levels to the point that im hyperglycemic.
im on your side now.
im going, ana.
then offer full meals, bodies will eat.
ok. so lets say this greenhouse place does what you say.
mustnt keep a lady waiting.
lets try again.
this is really confusing.
turns out its not easy to ruin someones life once you find out how wonderful they are.
dead is dead.
as far as handling fees is concerned..
oh, and i want you to know something.
but i warn you my grandmother will ask you a lot of questions.
i hope i can make it across the border.
he told me to stay away from you.
but look, mr. forsik, you dont need to point out what i dont have.
do you speak english?
you shot me, you stupid bitch!
i might as well be dead.
i would encourage everyone who is watching, everyone in this country to take a good look at these faces.
you could run a small country with that.
damn it, jarrod.
whats going on?
clark kent, man of mystery. just when i think i have you figured out, you surprise me.
i have my audition.
ill keep an eye on sam.
if she turns and glances at you, then it means she loves you.
..otherwise who know what might have happened.
if the authorities want to find the true enemy..
one stops being a cop.
lets do it.
hey, chill, chill, chill, man. chill.
it isnt a medical problem.
maybe youre just blocking them.
he wont betray us.
now all you bitches crawl.
ive missed you.
no need to freak out?
all right, sassafras. but if you want a drink, you gotta play.
but, dude, how do you know when theyre ready?
come here! come on, teddy.
i dont feel that way for you.
he is strange.
youre gonna kill me here!
sure hope it works,because if it doesnt...
what are you saying?
i came to meet daijaan.
i just need some space.
the swirling vortex of terror?
what.. what happened?
get your hands off my damn mangoes.
are you goanna read that book all night or do you want to play some cards?
ready to go on table seven. coming around.
im goanna find this thing and im goanna kill it.
how am i unusual?
your pappy and them boys are about to hang for something they didnt do.
the yellow just, will never wear
theyll pay your living and medical expenses.
meet at karbali bridge in 15 minutes.
general grey here.
youre taking too much interest in me.
what would you like to have, lmmy?
all right! all right, all right.
you mind if i go instead?
what is your job anyway?
you have room for a piano.
im here... because i was chosen to be.
get the dog off me!
lost interest in it, though.
i didnt know he was gonna rub his cheek on it!
oh, were cool.
how is one to take him for a medical patient?
my father is deciding whether to kill you.
you have no physical evidence.
how they welcomed me!
were going now.
you get the forms, ill prepare them nearly free of charge.
back to the gate!
thats pigs snout.
uh... were, uh...
you re the doctor who was here last night?
the calm before the storm.
this i took four hours ago.
i think hes buying some paper company up in slough.
hes already here.
you werent a stranger to me..
gigolo joe, what do you know?
theyre a little young.
you know, and maybe hell let you hold baby you, or you can change your own diaper or...
id like to do an experiment.
occupational hazard. we waited too long.
coz in 3 days time..
oh tell me who he is ?
i just did something involuntary... and missed!
lts better now.
the great surprise...
its the middle of the night. what do you want?
shes never seen them,
you gave this to me because i caught you concealing it.
the girl in the wheelchair?
and you believed him?
no. i think theyre connected to the gas pipe explosion. thats when they started.
im behind you, come out with truth without any fear.
you look like a very smart boy.
itll be done, sir.
it is not a good idea to sneak up on somebody with an acetylene torch.
now its just annoying.
im gonna get you out of here.
not mine but our father.
not the bear, the gun.
sarah is right,michael.
go back, ana lucia.
even i want to go. lets go now!
youre in an entirely hostile district.
thats a credential, rewriting einstein.
go back to your homes!
i remember feeling all grown up because i got to sit in the front seat with them.
yyou have to tell her.
they tell me maybe you finish the program next week.
you take his photo.
you will be angry on me.
youre locked and loaded.
i love it.
ben told me that... he strangled you.
the rest of us did our best to pitch in when and where we could.
your father sent you to smallville to turn the plant around.
are you in there? !
you dont even know where she is?
we have a runner!
no, its okay.
sort of like a bonus.
so what, mom?
give the book if you want to or take it back.
hope im not interrupting.
dinners at 600 if youre hungry.
im working for them, how much can i get for how long?
and were gonna get a good nights sleep, and tomorrow, were gonna find out what happens if that button doesnt get pushed.
there is an inch of dust covering my whole kitchen.
my husband is many things, but he is not a liar.
sorry about the sedative.
he was here,
i ordered a state of emergency an hour ago.
either he must be here or i must be here.
doc, i need you to come with me.
seemed kinda hostile, even for a therapist.
flight 815 lands in los angeles.
may i try it?
you fed the dog? bingo.
havent figured it out yet.
theyre over the water.
the note pinned to your chest.
what sort of improvements have been made in flynn...
you shaved your beard.
take a second. jot down your ideas.
well, the deal ended the minute you decided to poison me.
detour to what?
this book will fulfill all the incomplete desires of your life.
youll take on all of us?
talk to him normally.. motivate him.. crack jokes.. keep him happy oye raju, we have a good news yaar dad is become proper yaar.... that new medicine worked!
who is this... disturbing poo so early in the morning!
you going to shoot me?
i told you i love you.
its worth more than all the others combined.
oh, and do you plan on brushing your teeth?
trebuchet delivers half a ton of force.
be more careful with willa jean.
ive seen him but my friend must see him, right?
im gonna detonate a hydrogen bomb.
roger that. well convene at the usual rendezvous point at 1300 hours.
then why dont you sign it?  take it.
and youre going to?
because he doesnt want anyone else finding where the real plane ended up... except for him.
..winning streaks will turn to losing streaks.
what do we do now?
never did a good thing in my life.
i told you...?
what do you do for a living, daniel?
i dont understand this.
you have to go, they are coming!
youve got to trust me.
i helped you with floyd, didnt i?
im sorry for pulling your tail when i was little... and for trying to teach you how to play catch... and for dressing you up as an astronaut.
they cannot make you beautiful. wow. a salesman, and yet you speak the truth?
but i cant leave you here.
you dont have to see him off, ben.
sometimes the right person can be in front of your eyes and you never know.
i saw it.
you were amazing.
cant this go any faster?
let me ask you something.
i was fucking other men.
i dont care what you believe.
oh! listen to me.
the prodigal roommate returns.
hey come out you idiot come out
1206, we dont have all the details yet.
your blood pressure is high.
put him in the garden.
you need a hard hat down here.
fillys offering 50 grand to anyone able to guess how many beans are in that jar within 10.
thats none of your business.
i cant be constantly checking for a yes or no head shake from a...
we cant transmit because something else is already transmitting.
its good to see this whole hero thing didnt go to your head.
but he pinkie promised!
we needed the stuff he had, so he bought his way on.
well, you werent exactly wearing a poker face.
shannon!  id like to come with you.
there are other lives at stake here!
who told you about this?
hell, bluebeard blew us up because they wanted your kid.
back in afghanistan with my men.
because, you see i start waving this around in here bad for you.
hey, next time you guys wanna take pictures of me, just call ahead.
how long have you been librarian?
not any more, really.
the 5 day outlook is calling for intense flooding, followed by..
what are the odds that we would end up in the same time as this thing?
you dont understand. im a prisoner to all of this.
you wouldnt give me a reading.
i thought it was.
and then, the moon is ours.
dont leave him, boss.
then theyre not interested in exposing the lie.
dhokla, phaphda, handhwa, thepla, kakkrah its seems as though they are some missiles! tonight bush dropped two dhoklas..400 killed, 200 injured!
yes, that is what im telling you.
have a nice rest. see you on the other side.
where is tat idiot?
thats our guy.
no, it was on him.
tell me what it is.
just, um, wondering if you heard from olivia.
sorry. im sorry. i just...
you cant fly him back! he is gonna kill everyone on that island. everyone.
and the battery runs on a chemical reaction.
still aint five, just like the last time you checked.
can you think of something that, uh, we might have missed... you know, um, someone else she could have gone to for help, someplace she could be hiding out, a friend, anything?
about black book and the curse.
but it thinks.
you know theres going to be a youth festival in bangkok.
you seem to know everything.
beans, youve been like a niece to me ever since your daddy did not fall drunk down a mine shaft.
first day 427 pm
claire was there. hugo, get the baby away from the window.
is there any bleeding?
i meant that you already have one...
hes out of the game.
yeah, if i end up some human lampshade in this guys creepy basement...
so, you were trapped in here.
l think somebody needs a bellhop.
escort to fend off the adoring fans?
hey, susie, am i talking to a dude in a wheelchair right now?
when i tried to get married, i got divorced. got divorced.
how did you get in the ice?
i dont want to die!
lm getting off this train
someone found fibanacci.
lots of girls!
manual entry override denied. warning.
i wish more than anything, but i cant imagine you with all your complexity all your perfection, all your imperfection.
dont you need to know why?
super 61 is on the deck now.
this is a problem, man.
goodwin stays where hes at right now, juliet.
polar bears gonna figure a way out of their cages?
she told me she wasnt gonna have the baby, you, at all.
just came in from the persian gulf.
maybe they went out for ice cream.
her weirdar is on defcon 5.
try your luck.
who do they think they are?
theres someone else who holds the key to this entire thing.
or your ranch disorders gonna be the new lead item on the coconut internet.
its one of my favorites.
oh, no, wait.
the telmarine throne is rightfully mine!
and have you ever had an assistant?
what are you talking about?
they think youre crazy enough to come home.
as for andy he spent that break hunkered in the shade a strange little smile on his face watching us drink his beer.
sydney. sydney, australia.
we should be proud of dad, now more than ever before.
now youre dead!
you want to know why were here?
help. somebody took my baby. aarons gone.
we got too many wounded to move!
its all in the details, dimples.
and youd stayed in that house.
you have friends in trouble. lets get them to safety and save the dirty linen for later.
mom, come on! mom!
so, ahaana, so much in one day.
c of s equals c of t. indistinct muttering muttering continues
cut in promos of the drivers as soon as the light hits green, cut back to me, crane up, chase out after frankenstein.
why only them?
dont say that. no...
oh, uh... i have a... headache.
i heard from machirajus men getting drunk and blabbering in a bar.
because im in love with machines engineering is my passion..passion do u know wats ur passion?
in fact you started liking me from there only.
there aint no way youre gonna stop that thing.
batman, batman, batman.
and if they want you back, its gonna cost em.
i dont know what youre talking about.
my mom was a cheerleader.
then its gonna start to itch.
must be that immersive theater.
feeling like a skinny dip?
you and me, we got to have a conversation.
you happen to have your keys with you?
it couldnt have been more than a handful of people.
the chief of pindaris hyder ali..
..how can we get out of this mess.
theyre keeping me here to try to stop me from doing my work.
youre the killer, ana lucia.
because theres only one person that can help us now, and thats jacob, and we have to go to him together.
you dig in deep. you stay hid.
be patient oryoull garland her with one hand. get it?
whats he doing here?
see, im going to get stuck now with that song.
sign down there.
all on board. were moving forward.
i think i can destroy it.
jake whyd you bother to knock, if youre just gonna walk straight in?
write down what you want.
always and forever, you will stay in our hearts.
youre completely objective in all things lana.
your ancestors were seafaring brigands.
okay. what do i...
this man jacob?
theyre probably thinking the same thing about us.
itll be a last minute decision.
oh.... food, wonderful food... marvelous food... glorious.....fooood!
is osama your lover?
c2, this is 64.
he may be a little intellectually challenged, but hes really hot.
do you want your own?
always and forever...
i present shrek and fiona!
he shot me.
mr president, julius levinson.
did you ever think of apologizing to that woman?
you dont have to.
theres a part of you that thinks maybe there isnt a plane here at all.
thats exactly what she said.
kasim came to tell you..
what exactly are they up against?
kids probably dead already, or wishing he was.
and today.. when i came here to tell you the truth..
its just... we never experienced how it all turns out.
give phone to pitambar.
i got no choice.
thanks, but im really not interested.
is he in the bathroom as well?
the only thing ive ever seen you do 16 hours a day straight is sleep.
look, i am not jeopardizing more personnel and more property, just because some engineer wants to play hero.
you gotta help me, jack.
what are you doing?
once you accept priesthood, youve to do everything.
oh, my god! margaret!
no! we can risk it.
doctor, i m sorry to keep you waiting.
you are my son?
i thought you learned english.
what were you thinking? why didnt you shoot him?
i wanted to help people.
hey, man. i aint doin nothin.
i had a thing for a girl once.
sorry, im gonna pass.
but its bad.
he grabbed a gun and he said he was going after lex.
i wouldnt let that happen.
it has a wonderful finish.
the center of attention.
naturally not, monsieur.
get him, luke!
and who is he?
i got you.  pull me up!
will they stop when they see us again?
hes no ordinary cop.
mr. kent and mr. beels both have the same symptoms.
